More than 1.8 million individuals use Mathcad to perform, document and share calculation and design work. The unique Mathcad visual format and easy-to-use scratchpad interface integrate standard mathematical notation, text and graphs in a single worksheet, making Mathcad ideal for knowledge capture, calculation reuse and collaboration. Mathcad lets you work with updatable, interactive designs, allowing you to capture the critical methods and values behind each of your engineering, scientific or technical projects. 

With Mathcad, you can

Calculate, model and visualise your technical ideas - Mathcad provides hundreds of operators and built-in functions for solving technical problems. Use Mathcad to perform numeric calculations or to find symbolic solutions. It automatically tracks and converts units and operates on scalars, vectors, and matrices. Mathcad?s 2-D and 3-D graphing capabilities give you better insight into your work, and precise control over your graphs. Cartesian, polar, surface, contour, bar, scatter and vector-field plots are all available. 
Document your calculations using familiar mathematical notation. With Mathcad, your entire solution is contained and documented in one place to your exact specifications. 
Integrate data across software and systems, thanks to connectivity with popular desktop applications. 
Distribute publication-quality documents and collaborate across networks and your entire organisation. 
With one of the largest user bases in the engineering world, Mathcad is easy to learn and use ? no special programming skills are required. Mathcad documentation and context-sensitive help make learning and using Mathcad an intuitive process. Tutorials for both new and experienced Mathcad users step you through common as well as complex operations. 

With its easy-to-use, free-form scratchpad interface, instant recalculation advantages, comprehensive graphing and extensive document processing capabilities, Mathcad will boost your productivity, increase accuracy and ensure your work is fully documented and reusable. Mathcad's open application architecture combined with its support of .NET and its native XML format make it easy to integrate Mathcad into existing IT structures and other applications.
