Disobedience
Movie Bio: The Madam of the house has caught me pilfering from her food cupord. I have no idea why I put myself through this. My bottom as you can guess was soundly punished by Madame. And for a ladies hand yes it did hurt

La Ballerina
Movie Bio: Rosaleen was busy practicing her dance routine, gliding across the floor she felt as if she had really made great strides, until that is the Dance Mistress walked in and informed Rosaleen that it was indeed a very poor effort. The strict no nonsense teacher decided to deal with the issue in way she knew would be best!

The Phone Bill
Movie Bio: Rosaleen had been warned repeatedly about heavy use of the phone, and NOT paying for the calls, so when the bill came in at well over ┬ú500 Elizabeth was furious. Worse for poor Rosaleen was being caught red handed talking nonsense on the phone to her friends. So it was shorts down and her quivering backside soundly spanked, then over the bed for a well earned dose of the strap!

Camera Girl
Movie Bio: Rosaleen tried her hand in a film studio, which as we know should not have a problem for her. Alas her arrogant nature did get the better of her and her backside paid the price. Contains scenes of a rather unusual spanking position

Pillow Fights
Rosaleen thinks its a lot fun to make lots of noise indulging in a pillow fight! Her Pjs give little protection to the thrashing that is soon given by Miss Van D'Yer! Very good movie for those who wanted to see Rosaleen's bottom soundly thrashed dressed in her night ware!

Canes & Self Spank
Movie Bio: Rosaleen takes time out to discuss her favorite rods, then we see something quite rare, Rosaleen giving her self a spanking! Interesting data from the archives.

The TomBoy
Movie Bio: A rare argument arises over the dress Elizabeth has chosen for Rosaleen to wear to a party. We say rare because this time (to her own peril) Rosaleen is very cocky! Arrogance and defiance lead to very very sore spanked and caned bottom!

The School Report
Movie Bio: As the title suggests poor Rosaleen has had her school report in. If we say it was "worse than she expected" that would be an understatement. Elizabeth is nothing short of furious and no amount of pleading from Rosaleen will avert what is about to befall Rosaleen and her backside.

Damn it, i had to use a freeking proxy to upload this torrent.. my isp must be sucking on the connection, that would explain the Swoping sound at night.