[IMG]http://aycu28.webshots.com/image/28467/2003188905080649924_rs.jpg


DVD PixelProtector - Turn your DVD Player into a hightech, setup & manitenance tool

Size: 3.73GB | Format: ISO | Screen diagnostic & calibration tool 


PixelProtectorâ?¢ is a DVD based premium screen diagnostic and calibration tool for all types of LCD, plasma and rear projection TV screens.


If you own a large flat screen TV and you're serious about achieving optimum performance from your television and you want to preserve the life of your TV set, then PixelProtector is for you!


The PixelProtector DVD is packed full of features that will ensure your television is correctly calibrated to gain the sharpest and most colourful image your TV has to offer.


PixelProtectorâ?¢ is designed for all owners of LCD, Plasma and Rear-projection flat screen televisions. If you own one of these sets and take your home entertainment system seriously, let alone want to look after your investment, PixelProtector is for you!


Whether your TV set is new or three or more years old, owning a copy of PixelProtector will ensure your TV lasts the test of time through correct calibration, diagnostic tools and tips for setting up.






Optimise your display

PixelProtector provides a range of tools for video measurement that support a broad range of formats and resolutions.


The best measurement of a TVâ??s picture is of course the viewer's satisfaction with the image being displayed. When looking at a moving image or even a still frame on your display, it can be difficult to know if you have any color bleed or dot crawl(unless it is severe). Can you be sure that your panel is setup correctly? Using test signals in PixelProtector allows you to accurately adjust your screen to its full potential. The quality of analog and digital video systems can been measured indirectly by measuring the distortions of static test signals. Subjective human visual assessments measurements can provide invaluable information for you to optimize your displays image quality.


Under/over scan test screens displaying different resolutions clearly shown on screen, allow you to measure against you panels native resolution and adjust settings accordingly for perfect image placement.


Specific test signals are provided for aligning and calibrating projection sets, over head projectors and rear projection.


PixelProtector is the complete video test reference and maintenance tool.



Quotation


Screen burn and recalibrating pixels

Static, non-moving images left on-screen for extended periods of time can leave a "shadow" on plasma & projection displays (this is true of models from all manufacturers)


You are normally told to avoid extended display of static images. Games consoles can also have a negative effect on panels.


PixelProtector will recalibrate pixels uniformly and remove any residual effects that may have occurred.


TV channels that have a static logo permanently on screen have a real negative effect on plasma TVâ??s. Pixels begin to memorise these images, upon switching channels you will still see the logo in the form of a shadow. After several minuets it will disappear (If not you have burn in). If 99% of the shadow has disappeared you will not notice the 1% that remains. It is the continual build up of the 1%â??s that is called residual effect. Not just restricted to TV channel logos. Itâ??s build up over months and even years will lessen the picture quality of you TV. The issues with screen burn and residual effects are far more complex however we have tried to simplify its cause and effect for obvious reasons.


PixelProtector can remove burn in and residual effects. It uses a wash tool that switches pixels on and off at a very fast rate (this is not in any way harmful). Included is a white wash for lesser burn in and image fix. In other words it recalibrates the pixels uniformly by removing any memory they may have.


There are different types and levels of burn in. The most severe of which occurs in the first 200 hrs of the panel's life when pixels are at there most excitable. In this time frame pixels can permanently memorise static images that have been left on screen for prolonged periods.


We have many customers who have removed screen burn from their panels by using the removal tool regularly, as per the instructions in the DVD.


In many cases it can be removed after just one session.


If the burn in is not removed first time, it will have been significantly reduced. Donâ??t forget it is easier to prevent burn in then it is to remove it!


Calibration Image


Dead Pixels

Dead Pixels occur when the individual cells burn out or do not energise correctly, PixelProtectorâ?¢ DVD Edition can help diagnose and in some cases re-energise dead pixels to help you get the very best out of your screen.


Many manufactures believe that 3 drop outs are acceptable. We believe even 1 drop out is unacceptable.

With plasma TVâ??s a dead pixel will appear black with LCD it may have only lost one wavelength and is only visible when certain colours are on screen. When you buy a new panel it is worth investing in a copy of PixelProtector DVD as some panel may have a drop out from the factory. Your best opportunity to have the panel replaced is when it is new.




PixelProtector provides a real user friendly solution to making sure your TV is performing to its full potential and that you are getting the best out of your equipment. It easy to use all you need is a DVD player!




SUPPORT



At PixelProtectorâ?¢ we understand that with so many choices of televisions out there, it's almost impossible to know which type or brand to buy.


There are some key differences between Plasma, LCD and Projection technologies and it is important to understand how they function in order to compare the maintenance needs of each.


For more help please visit our support area where you can view our detailed tv troubleshooters, knowledge base or ask us a question about pixelprotector and what it can do for you



To find out how best to use PixelProtector for your set, please see the breakdown below for each type of tv set:


Common issues with Plasma screens include:


* Image burn in

* Ghosting

* Setup



How Pixel Protector can help resolve these issues:

PixelProtector DVD includes exclusive screen burn removal tools which also help recalibrate pixel intensity levels uniformly and remove residual image effects.


Ghosting can be caused by several issues the most common being connectivity PixelProtector has a set up guide and full explanation on types of connections and which cables should be used.


Unfortunately it is a fact that most plasma TVâ??s are set up incorrectly. State of the art test patterns and alignment grids allow you to set you plasma up to perform to its full potential.



Common issues with LCD screens include:


* Trailing or blocking effect on screen (pixilation)

* Pixel drop out

* Unnatural image blacks are dark grey



How Pixel Protector can help resolve these issues:

Trailing can bee seen on some panels when bit rate levels are high.


High bit rate levels are normally reached when watching fast action scenes in movies or programs, the image starts to trail or lag and even blocking in some cases.


PixelProtector will help to minimize or even eliminate trailing buy calibrating your panel correctly and insuring you have the right settings and connection in place.


Pixel drop outs are one of the most frustrating of issues for anyone who has an LCD. When a screen suffers from pixel drop it can be fixed in some occasions. If the whole pixel is dead then nothing can be done to fix this. If one wave length has gone in the pixel i.e. blue. This can in some cases this can be fixed by recalibrating pixel color production using PixelProtector.


We have a 4 in 10 chance of fixing the problem.


The DVD will highlight if the whole pixel is dead or if one wave length has gone.


One of the biggest issues LCDâ??s have is producing pure black. LCD panels produce a pure white light and then subtract the colors that are not required. So to produce black is difficult, making sure that you first calibrate its black and white setting is essential to minimize this issue and get the best from your panel PixelProtector includes specific tests and adjustment screens for this purpose.



Common issues with Projection screens include:


* Alignment

* Picture saturation

* Blown bulb



How Pixel Protector can help resolve these issues:
Most projectors will need to be aligned correctly a couple of times in there life span.


PixelProtector DVD has a specific menu for set up and calibration of Projection sets.


Picture saturation is a common problem among LCD projectors. As light is passed through the LCD chip and optics heat is generated which over time will degrade or saturate the image on screen producing warped colors and uneven contrast. Many projectors produce more heat then necessary as they have not been set up correctly, using the projection test screens will help to reduce high heat levels and avoid picture saturation.


When you have a blown bulb you will know about it. You do not need PixelProtector DVD to tell you a bulb has blown. However we would of course recommend that you use PixelProtector DVD to insure that your set is calibrated and performing to its full potential one the bulb has been replaced.