Starring: Loli & Molli 

Video: 2055 Kbps, 17.54 fps, 640*480 (4:3), WMV3 = Windows Media Video 9 

Audio: 127 Kbps, 48000 Hz, 2 channels, 0x161 = Windows Media Audio 9.1 

Als Scan rocket in this collection.....

Chapter 1 - Photoshoot Video: 
Loli is outside next to a garden for this photo shoot. She is wearing a whit top and jean shorts. We have her take them off and get some great poses from her as she does this. Then we have Loli move to a white lawn chair so she can insert a glass bottle into her pussy and we get a great pullout shot.

Chapter 2 - Photoshoot Video: 
Loli is outside in a pink top and white panties. Loli is standing by a nice garden with a fountain. We have her pose while she takes the top and panties off and we get some good poses from her. We then have Liv come in and pose with her as she starts to fist Loli we get some great shots of this and the pullout. 

Chapter 3 - Photoshoot Video: 
Loli is wearing a red bikini standing by a pool. She starts by getting all wet in the pool. Then Loli takes off her bikini and we get some great poses from her as she does this. Then we have her pose on a bench by the pool. Liv comes over to help her with the ALS rocket and we get some great shots as they do this. 

Chapter 4 - Photoshoot Video: 
Loli is outside in a blue top and panties. We have her strip the top and panties off and pose for us as she does this. Loli works her way over to a lounge chair and pose for us there. Then we have Loli pose with a speculum in her pussy so we can see inside. After that Loli waters the grass with her golden stream. 

Chapter 5 - Masturbation Video: 
Loli is sitting outside on a yellow lounge chair just getting some sun. Loli gets her pussy all wet and juicy by rubbing her clit and fingering her pussy. Loli\'s pussy is ready to be fucked now she gets a zebra color vibrator and starts fucking her pussy. Watch Loli stick it in and out while fucking her pussy hard until she cums. 

Chapter 6 - Masturbation Video: 
Loli is sitting on a white bed. We talk to her a little bit about herself and the day. Watch her start to rub her clit and finger her pussy until it is nice and juicy. Loli then gets a big green vibrator and starts to fuck her juicy pussy with it until she gets off. 

Chapter 7 - Masturbation Video: 
Loli is sitting on a chair in her hotel room wearing a black tank top. She wants to get herself off so she starts to play with her clit and pussy. Loli gets her pussy all wet and wants to fuck it with something hard. Loli gets a blue ribbed vibrator to fuck her pussy with while taking it in and out to rub on her clit until she cums. 

Chapter 8 - Masturbation Video: 
Loli is sitting on a blue couch in a white bra and panties she pulls her tits out of the bra and starts to rub them. She then takes her bra and panties and plays with her pussy. Loli starts to insert some of her fingers and stretches her pussy open. Loli then gets a silver and black vibrator to fuck her pussy with until she cums. 

Chapter 9 - Masturbation Video: 
Loli is in her hotel room sitting on top of her desk. She takes off her top and shorts then lubes up her pussy to get it wet. Loli then starts to finger and stretch her pussy until its ready for the vibrator. Loli then fucks her pussy with the vibrator until she cums. Then she cleans herself off in the shower. 

Chapter 10 - Masturbation Video: 
Mili just gets into the room from her flight and she wants to masturbate. Mili starts to take off her clothes as she rubs her pussy to get it all wet. Mili then get a big clear dildo to fuck her juicy wet pussy with. Mili then switches to a white vibrator to make herself cum. 

Chapter 11 - Girl-Girl Action Video: 
Mili and Nella are getting things ready for their girl-girl masturbation. Nella picks out some toys for Mili to use. Mili and Nella move over to the bed and start to kiss each other and take off their clothes. Mili starts to fuck Nella with a green vibrator until she cums. Nella then starts to fists Mili\'s pussy hard until she cums. 

Enjoy.... :P