Book Description
This is the groundbreaking classic exposé of the Bush family, cited by all that followed it, yet still unmatched. Exhaustively documented by intensive search of dozens of archives and months of interviews with government insiders, this biography digs up all the dirt ? frightening, gory, hilarious ? on the Bush dynasty: 
How the Bushes made their fortune building up Hitler and the Nazi war machine ~ Iran-Contra ~ Zapata?s Watergate burglars ~ The Reagan shooting ~ The "war hero" story ~ The secret government ~ "Eugenic" population reduction plans ~ Kissinger, China, and genocide in the Third World ~ Luring Iraq to attack Kuwait ~ The Bush Leveraged Buyout Mob, theft of a nation ~ Jupiter Island, Skull and Bones, and other power bases. 

Essential reading as long as this Anglo-American oligarchy directs American politics, the Unauthorized Biography is a vivid X-ray of the presidential dynasty, and the private forces dominating both major political parties. 

About the Author
Webster Griffin Tarpley is an activist and historian best known for his George Bush: The Unauthorized Biography (1992), an underground classic. An expert on international terrorism with decades of experience, he directed the study Chi ha ucciso Aldo Moro? (Who Killed Aldo Moro?), which was commissioned by a member of the Italian government and published in Rome in 1978. He also co-authored American Leviathan: Administrative Fascism Under the Bush Regime (1991), which identified many tendencies which have become prominent today, and Surviving the Cataclysm (1999), an analysis of the world financial crisis. Against Oligarchy, a collection of his essays and speeches, appeared on the internet in 1996. He has appeared on CNN Crossfire, Charlie Rose, talk radio, and cable access television across North America. 

Anton Chaitkin is an historian and investigative reporter. Chaitkin has written hundreds of articles on economic and political history and current affairs. His 1985 book Treason in America: from Aaron Burr to Averell Harriman, documented the takeover of U.S. policy by "blue-bloods" from their family archives. 

Like father like son: During the 1930's Chaitkin's father, a New York attorney and Jewish political activist, carried out a legal fight against Wall Street and London financiers propping up the dictatorship of Adolf Hitler in Germany, resulting in the indictment of Prescott Bush, father of U.S. President George Bush (Sr). 

He is co-author of George Bush: The Unauthorized Biography, which helped decide the 1992 election against Bush. He has collaborated with Lyndon LaRouche since 1966. 

