This is an excellent firearms documentary for firearms enthusiasts of all types. However, there are lots of great Class III firearms and suppressors involved in the demonstrations. It is exceptionally in-depth analysis of ballistic effects, including the power and accuracy of rounds fired through glass, underbrush, etc. It has a number of very exotic weapons including: The Mac 10 briefcase setup, a variety of homebuilt .50 cal rifles, a ton of suppressed pistols and rifles (10/22, .45, etc) and their unsuppressed counterparts. I was blown away the first time I saw it when one of the hosts has another host shoot him from about 3 feet away with a FAL to test a bullet proof vest and to prove people don't get blown over by a gun shot to the chest. The owner of second chance actually shoots himself at point blank with a .44 Magnum to show off his vest too.

Deadly Weapons is a video that shows What firearms Will & Will Not Do This film provides those interested in the terminal effects of firearms with a unique examination of what modern firearms will and will not do. Machine guns, silencers, shotguns, pistol ammo and handguns. Learn the truth about modern firearms. Deadly Weapons compares different calibers shooting through glass, into car doors, at bulletproof vests, even into auto fuel tanks.

You've seen all the Hollywood nonsense -- now see what real firearms can do -- and what they can't do. See and learn what real firearms really do. Machine guns, silencers, assault rifles, shotguns, handguns.

Deadly Weapons is used for training by the CIA, FBI, U.S. Army, Marines -- and thousands of law enforcement agencies around the world. Over 100 minutes of solid information.

The presenting authority is Alexander Jason, SCSA, a prominent expert in the field of firearms and shooting incident reconstruction.

Content includes such topics as:
Will a bullet ignite a gas tank ?
How effective is full auto firing ?
Which bullets will penetrate a car door ?
How quiet is a real silencer ?
What will a .50 caliber Browning Heavy Machine gun firing armor-piercing, incendiary, tracer bullets do to a car? 

~~~

I am always adding new things, so check this account often.

Visit roguesci (dot) org (slash) theforum, and register, for the world's longest running largest explosives and weapons forum on the web!	