Hexen II (1997) 

Id Software and Raven Software joined forces again to expand the Heretic and HeXen universe in a bold new direction. Powered by the Quake engine, HeXen II was developed from 1996 to 1997 on a brutal production schedule, published by Id Software and distributed by Activision Inc. 

One of the most highly anticipated releases of 1997, HeXen II was the first game from an outside developer to ship with Quake engine technology. The game featured four single player hubs and deathmatch capabilities for 16 players while simultaneously offering four character classes, each with four weapons with dual fire modes for a total of 32 unique weapon effects. In addition, HeXen II was the first 3-D shooter to feature transparent water effects in both hardware and software rendering modes and one of the only fully 3-D games to feature single player cooperative gameplay. 



Hexen II Mission Pack - Portal of Praevus (1998)

HeXen II: Portal of Praevus began production in late 1997, following the successful launch of the original game. The team decided to make the expansion much more than a pack of new levels for HeXen II. The goal was to make Portal of Praevus as close to an entirely new game as possible for buyers of the original HeXen II. To do this, the team made two new hubs, 15 new single player levels, three new enemies and added another character class...the Demoness. 

HeXen II owners could play through Portal of Praevus as the former minion of Eidolon or as any of the original four characters. HeXen II: Portal of Praevus merged seamlessly with the Hexen II world and offered a wealth of new options and opportunities for mayhem in both single player and multiplayer gaming. 



Heretic II (1998) 

During the development of Portal of Praevus, Raven Software worked feverishly to lay the groundwork for yet another revolutionary action game: Heretic II. Based on Id Software's Quake II engine, Heretic II successfully blended first-person shooter action with a third-person camera to create an entirely new game genre. 

This new perspective on the Heretic/HeXen universe was the biggest critical success in Raven Software's storied history. With dozens of awards and numerous accolades, Heretic II showed the world that third-person action games could be fun and intuitive, while it solidified Raven's reputation as one of the industry's top game developers. 





Format: CloneCD-Images