Tracklist

Mos-Electro House Sessions Cd1

01. Mason Vs Princess Superstar - Perfect (Exceeder Vocal Club Mix)
02. Eric Prydz Vs Floyd - Proper Education (Club Mix)
03. Roger Sanchez - Lost (D Ramirez Lost in Rave Mix)
04. Camille Jones - the Creeps (Fedde Le Grand Remix)
05. Ericke - the Beat is Rockin (Gregor Salto Remix)
06. Sharam - Patt (Party All the Time) (Club Mix)
07. Dada Feat Sandy Rivera and Trix - Lollipop
08. Booty Luv - Boogie 2nite (Seamus Haji Big Love Remix)
09. Fedde Le Grand - Put Your Hands Up for Detroit
10. Outwork - Elektro (the Cube Guys Delano Remix)
11. Alex Gaudino Feat Crystal Waters - Destination Calabria (Static Shokx Remix)
12. Mylo Feat Freeform Five - Muscle Car (Sander Kleinenbergs Pace Car Mix)
13. David Guetta Vs the Egg - Love Dont Let Me Go (Walking Away)
14. Spektrum - Kinda New (Dirty South Remix)
15. Danny Freakazoid - Teken
16. Freaks - the Creeps (Youre Giving Me) (Vandalism Mix)
17. Freakx Brothers - Tension
18. Hook N Sling and Kid Kenobi - the Bump (Tonite Only Remix)
19. Johnny Crockett - E for Electro (Hi_Tacks Flippercast Mix)
20. Nicky Vanshee & Dangerous Dan - Around the World Again

Mos-Electro House Sessions Cd2

01. M.A.N.D.Y. - Put Put Put
02. Booka Shade - in White Rooms
03. Dark Mountain Group - Lose Control
04. Gabriel Ananda - Doppelwhipper
05. Paul Woolford - Erotic Discourse
06. Chicken Lips - He Not in
07. Tiga - Pleasure form the Bass
08. Tomas Anderson - Washing Up (Tiga Remix)
09. The Knife - Heartbeats (Rex the Dog Remix)
10. Lifelike & Kris Menace - Discopolis (Chris Lake Remix)
11. Switch - A Bit Patchy (Eric Prydz Remix)
12. The Drill - the Drill
13. Pacjam - Urban Minds
14. Sander Kleinenberg - this is Miami (Club Mix)
15. Robot Needs Oil - Volta
16. Roman Flugel - Gehts Noch? (Steve Angello Vs Whos Who Mix)
17. Bloc Party - Banquet (Boys Noize Remix)
18. Bump - Rushing (Dave Spoon Vocal Mix)
19. Alter Ego - Rocker
20. Zombie Nation - Kernkraft 400 (DJ Gius Remix)



Review

29 Jan 2007

Release Notes:

As the electro house phenomena spreads from the
clubs to the charts, clinching number ones and
filtering into the bars and bedrooms of the land,
Ministry of Sound present the finest selection of
electro cuts from the dance trend fresh for 2007.
With a mix of current and forthcoming electro
favourites, 'Electro House Sessions' serves up three
CDs of bass smashing electro heaven; from Fedde Le
Grand, Tiga, Plump DJs, Rex The Dog, Mylo, Roger
Sanchez, Green Velvet and Claude Van Stroke.
Compiling the hottest sounds of the moment, from
Eric Prydz's sensational and hotly tipped number one
'Proper Education', Sharam's 'Party All The Time',
Mason Vs Princess Superstar's 'Perfect Exceeder',
Erick E's 'Booty Luv', the selection of chart
stormers is simply flawless.
Add to the line-up the tracks that are hotly tipped
to make it big in 2007, Roger Sanchez 'Lost',
Camille Jones 'The Creeps', Mandy and Bookashade
'Put Put Put' and Outwork 'Electro', and 'Electro
House Sessions' reads like a who's who of DJ talent
for the new era.
An album to capture the true sound of the moment,
the coolest collection for any discerning dance,
presented only as Ministry of Sound can, fresh from
the dance floor and the studios; 'Electo House
Sessions' sets a new bar of perfection in the
hottest young genre to emerge in 2007.

