Genre	Driving
Mode(s)	Single player, multiplayer, online multiplayer
Ratings	ESRB: Teen(T) PEGI: 12+
Platform(s)	PC, PSP, PS2, PS3, XBOX 360, and Nintendo DS
System requirements	MicrosoftÂ® WindowsÂ® XP (Service Pack 2) / MicrosoftÂ® WindowsÂ® Vista
Processor type : Intel Pentium 4 3.0 Ghz / AMD XP X2 4200+
1.5 GB RAM
6 GB available hard drive space
256 MB DirectXÂ® 9.0 compatible card / nVIDIAÂ® GeForceâ?¢ 6600 / ATI RadeonÂ® X1300
DirectXÂ® 9.0 compatible sound card
=64kbps Internet connection with low latency Cable/DSL speeds for multiplayer
Keyboard, Mouse

Race Types

The game starts off in a night club where the player selects their character and car. Juice Games has decided to remove the racing calender, the respect system and the drag races. After choosing a character and car, the player will get a list of available races, three of which must be won in order to move up to the next level. Juiced 2 includes three types of racing - Circuit, Destination and Drift races.

[edit]
Your Character

A new feature in the game is the ability for the player to design their own character. This feature is available only on the PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and PC versions.

[edit]
Modding

Exterior
One of the game's key features is the ability to juice-up your car by customizing it. The look of your car can be changed by adding spoilers, changing wheels, or attaching new bodykits. If a player selects a new bodykit, he or she will also be able to watch as the new body parts are added to the car giving an inside view on how real cars are customized with body kits and other modifications. As there are different cities, you can change your license plate (PS3/Xbox 360/PC only)to suit the location you are in (eg: a California license plate in San Francisco). The paintshop lets you not only choose any color you want, but it also lets you try different techniques. There is also over 2000 decals, which can be applied in 50 different layers. You can save your decal pack and apply it to any car in your garage.

Interior
The interior may be modded by adding things like steering wheels and racing seats. The color of many items added to the interior can also be changed. You can only do these mods on the PS3/Xbox 360/PC version.

[edit]
Driver DNA

Juice Games has also introduced a new phenomenon called Driver DNA which records a players style of driving and creates a strand of "DNA". Other players can then download your DNA from PlayStation Network or Xbox Live and race against it in the Driver DNA Lab.

[edit]
Online features

Like the previous Juiced game, Online features such as Pink Slip Races will affect your Career mode. A new feature is to have an Online Career and Crew. *You can download your friends' Driver DNA, view it and add them to your crew. You can trade cars and other items online. Each car has a log book which tells the current owner how many people have owned the car and what races it has been in. Online betting updates allow a player to bet during races, see how many people are betting on and against them, and what their odds are. Unfortunately, Online will be a feature only on the PC,PS3 and Xbox 360 versions. As this is a Games For Windows certified game, the online feature on the PC will be available on the Games for Windows - Live online service.
You are only allowed to add your friends DNA to your Crew in your Singleplayer Career. Online Crew races must be raced by players.