Letter to a Christian Nation

Author: Sam Harris

Narrator: Jordan Bridges

Type: Unabridged Audiobook

Genre: Non-Fiction, Non-Religious, Concerned Rational Thought,  Atheism, Separation of Church and State, Political Science 

Length: 1 hour and 56 minutes

MP3 160 Kbps, 44 KHz


Summary:

"Forty-four percent of the American population is convinced that Jesus will return to judge the living and the dead sometime in the next 50 years," writes Sam Harris. "Imagine the consequences if any significant component of the U.S. government actually believed that the world was about to end and that its ending would be glorious. The fact that nearly half of the American population apparently believes this, purely on the basis of religious dogma, should be considered a moral and intellectual emergency."

In response to his award-winning best seller 'The End of Faith', Sam Harris received thousands of letters from Christians excoriating him for not believing in God. 'Letter to A Christian Nation' is his courageous and controversial reply. Using rational argument, Harris offers a measured refutation of the beliefs that form the core of fundamentalist Christianity. Addressing current topics ranging from intelligent design and stem-cell research to the connections between religion and violence, 'Letter to A Christian Nation' boldly challenges the influence that faith has on public life in the United States.


Book Description:

?Thousands of people have written to tell me that I am wrong not to believe in God. The most hostile of these communications have come from Christians. This is ironic, as Christians generally imagine that no faith imparts the virtues of love and forgiveness more effectively than their own. The truth is that many who claim to be transformed by Christ?s love are deeply, even murderously, intolerant of criticism. While we may want to ascribe this to human nature, it is clear that such hatred draws considerable support from the Bible. How do I know this? The most disturbed of my correspondents always cite chapter and verse.?

So begins Letter to a Christian Nation?
