Nero 7


Introduction and Feature List -- Select Page -- Page 1: Introduction and Feature List Page 2: Main GUI and Nero Digital Page 3: Encoding Audio and creating Data CDs Page 4: Recode DVD to Nero Digital Page 5: Photosnap and Backups Page 6: Extras and Conclusion



When I first got serious about CD Burning, I had two options to choose from: Adaptec Easy CD Creator and Ahead Nero Burning Rom. The first version of Adaptec I had used completely crashed my PC which forced a reformat. This made it easy to choose Nero at that time. Since then, times have definitely changed and the feature list is ever growing. We will be taking a look through the latest Ultra Edition to see what's new and noteworthy. There is so much packed into the Ultra Edition that we will not be able to tackle it all, but rather mention features that stand out.

When you look to purchase some burning software, you obviously want it to be able to burn your data and probably make audio CD's. You are certainly missing out on a lot if that's all you want to do, as you can see in the below feature list. Needless to say, Nero is a complete media suite that is for much more than simply burning.

For those of you who are interested in a no-nonsense list of what's new in 7, Nero has provided this:

Burning and Copying
Full-o-meter automatically adjusts to you project type (DVD-1, DVD-5 or DVD-9) 
Intelligent size calculation will suggest a DVD if data will not fit on a CD 
New, easy-to-use GUI for Nero Express and Nero InCD 
Use Nero Scout to index your digital media making it easy to find the right video or song for your CD or DVD 
Support for Blu-ray (BD-RE and BD-R) media
Audio
Support for 5.1 and 7.1 audio recording, editing and mixing 
Create beats, melodies and sound sequences 
HQ mastering (192KHz) resolution audio supported 
Up to 32 bit audio supported 
Sample looper 
Rip tracks from audio CDs (SoundTrax) 
Adjust tempo of samples & loops to mixes for seamless track transitions 
New surround effects 
Pump-up your music mixes with powerful Beat Editor, Sequencer and Text II Speech converter
Photo and Video
HDV capture support 
Compress video to fit mobile, PDAs, home theater and HDTV standards 
Dolby Digital 5.1 Encoder integration 
Extend capture device support 
Export slideshows to share or archive 
New 2D and animated 3D menu templates to spice up your home-made professional quality DVDs 
Capture, edit and export High-Definition (HD) video files. 
Browse customized image directories 
Burn to DVD, SVCD and VCD or export to video file for sharing 
Stream media files across any UPnP? compatible devices
DVD
Support for chapter menus (DVD+VR) 
Split and merge titles (DVD+VR) 
Automatically overwrite unprotected titles if space on disc is low (DVD+VR) 
Add/remove images from slideshows (DVD-VR) 
Simulation/Preview of DVD-VR project 
Looped DVD navigation 
DVD-Audio support
Backup
Backup without logging in 
Advanced calendar & scheduling for backup jobs 
InCD 5 Drag&Drop file backup support for BDRE/R (Blu-ray) 
FTP backup 
Intelligent compression filter 
Shadow Copy feature used to ensure a verified backup 
Advanced pre & post scripting features 
Secure your data with 128-bit encryption & password protection 
Backup access rights of files and folders in NTFS volumes 
Backup to disc images 
Create bootable restore disc 
Verify existing backup 
Virus protection of backups 
Backup on login 
Backup directly from Windows Explorer 
Backup drives onto hard disks (internal and external)
Playback and Share
Metallic skin (Nero ShowTime) 
Multitask when using Nero Home (e.g. Watch TV while creating a slideshow). 
Supports playslists that consist of multiple media formats such as pictures, music and video 
Powerful database to store and organize your media 
Compatible with popular remote controls to play your pictures, music, video and TV. 
Time-shift TV 
Quick and easy access to all of your Digital media files using Nero Home's advanced search features
Extras
Nero Scout (enables a user to easily catalog and find media files located on the computer) 
Add/Remove languages in the Nero ProductSetup 
Repair option to fix damaged installations of Nero 
Customize installer to tailor your Nero applications to your needs 
In-program updates
