10 Classic Ebooks Included in This Pack:

Erik Dorn



Seven years of married life and sixteen years of working for the same newspaper leave Erik Dorn feeling empty, bored, and segregated from life. An extramarital love affair offers only temporary satisfaction -- it is the European turmoil of World War I which provides an opportunity to abandoning his banal Chicago existence and becoming a participant rather than an observer in life. Upon returning to Chicago Dorn finds his wife re-married and his love for the other woman dead. Only emptiness remains.





Mademoiselle of Monte Carlo



The Master of Mystery waves his magic wand again. In this book the strange inter-relationships between the \"upper crust\" and the underworld are revelaed with convincing realism. Besides the elusive \"Mademoiselle,\" we come in tantalizing conact with the \"Sparrow,\" the incredible super criminal whose emissaries and operatives baffle the greatest detectives of Europe.







Beyond the Vanishing Point



When George Randolph first caught sight of Orena, he was astounded by its gleaming perfection. Here were hills and valleys, lakes and streams, glowing with the light of the most precious of metals. And, more astonishing than that, it was a world of miniature perfection--an infinitely tiny universe within a golden atom!








The Kama Sutra of Vatsayayana



An ancient Indian text on human sexual behavior, widely considered to be the standard work on love in the Sanskrit literature. The text was written by Vatsyayana. The author is believed to have lived sometime between the 1st to 6th centuries A.D, probably during the Gupta period.







The Art of War



Translated from the Chinese with Introduction and Critical Notes by Lionel Giles, M.A.









The Book of The Damned





The original and greatest compilation of 1,001 attested phenomena that science cannot answer and deliberately ignores.

Approx. 107,893 words.









Fifteen Thousand Useful Phrases





Written while Cleland was in debtor\'s prison, Fanny Hill is considered the first \'erotic\' novel.

Approx. 84,264 words.









The Call of Cthulhu



Three independent narratives linked together by the device of a narrator discovering notes left by a deceased relative. Piecing together the whole truth and disturbing significance of the information he possesses, the narrator\'s final line is \'\'The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents.\'\'









War and Peace



The novel tells the story of a number of aristocratic families and the entanglements of their personal lives with Napoleon\'s invasion of Russia. As events proceed, Tolstoy systematically denies his subjects any significant free choice: the onward roll of history determines happiness and tragedy alike.