Wenders-Room 666 Quarto666[sonicalchemy[PTbr]Xvidavi	

     
At Cannes in 1982, Wim Wenders set up an unmanned camera in a hotel room and invited directors including Godard, Spielberg and Fassbinder to talk about the future of film.

In this unusual documentary based on a series of identical questions addressed to world-famous directors such as Werner Herzog, Steven Spielberg, and Jean-Luc Godard, director Wim Wenders placed each of his colleagues one-by-one in a single room, gave them one reel (11 minutes) of time to look into the stationary camera if they chose, and answer set questions. The juxtaposition of so many individualistic, experienced, and innovative filmmakers commenting on topics like television's effect on cinema, the influence of ad techniques, the tendency toward miniseries, and other relevant subjects offers worthwhile moments that are unlikely to be found elsewhere.


At the 1982 Cannes Film Festival, Wenders set up a static camera in a hotel room and provided selected film directors a list of questions to answer concerning the future of cinema. Each director is given one 16 mm reel (approximately 11 minutes) to answer the questions. The principle question asked was, "Is cinema a language about to get lost, an art about to die?" Wenders then edited this footage and added an introduction. Directors interviewed include Steven Spielberg, Jean-Luc Godard, and Rainer Werner Fassbinder, who died less than a month after filming.

Englis subs included also

Durante o festival de cinema de Cannes de 1982, Wim Wenders leva diretores de cinema de todas as partes do mundo para um quarto de hotel onde eles respondem a uma pergunta: qual o futuro do cinema?

Informações Técnicas
Título no Brasil: Quarto 666
Título Original: Chambre 666
País de Origem: França / Alemanha
Gênero: Documentário
Classificação etária: 12 anos
Tempo de Duração: 46 minutos
Ano de Lançamento: 1982
Site Oficial:
Estúdio/Distrib.: Europa Filmes
Direção: Wim Wenders

? Elenco
Chantal Akerman
Michelangelo Antonioni
Maroun Bagdadi
Ana Carolina
Mike De Leon
Rainer Werner Fassbinder
Jean-Luc Godard
Romain Goupil
Yilmaz Güney
Monte Hellman
Werner Herzog
Robert Kramer
Paul Morrissey
Susan Seidelman
Noël Simsolo
Steven Spielberg 

Please seed at least twice after download finishes

Coopere, deixe semeando ao menos duas vezes o tamanho do arquivo que baixar.

Enjoy! Apreciem!


sonicalchemy