Prince.of.Persia.2.Warrior.Within.PAL.PS2DVD-WpR 

      Company...: UBI SOFT            -  File Count.......: 48 X 50mb         
      Released..: 11/04               -  Media Type.......: DVD (Iso)      
      Origin....: PAL                 -  Game type .......: U KNOW                    
      Language..: En/Fr/Sp            -  Ripped ..........: -                          


  
     The Old Man said to the Prince, "Your fate has been written. You will die."   
     Enter the dark underworld of Prince of Persia 2, the sword-slashing sequel 
     to the critically acclaimed Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.  
     Hunted by Dahaka, an immortal incarnation of Fate seeking divine 
     retribution, the Prince embarks upon a path of both carnage and mystery 
     to defy his preordained death. His journey leads to the infernal core of  
     a cursed island stronghold harboring mankinds greatest fears.  
     Only through grim resolve, bitter defiance and the mastery of deadly new 
     combat arts can the Prince rise to a new level of warriorship - and emerge 
     from this ultimate trial with his life.  
     
Features:  
     *The Game of the Year Returns: Prince of Persia 2 is the highly anticipated 
       sequel to the universally acclaimed Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time.
  
*A Warrior Reborn: The Prince has matured immeasurably since his courageous 
       fight in Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time. He returns here with deadlier 
       skills, a darker heart and a craving for battle.  
     
*Free-Form Fighting System: An intricate new combat system lets you wage 
       battles with no boundaries. Manipulate the environment and the enemies 
       themselves to develop your own unique fighting style. Plus, an all-new  
       projectile attack system allows for a variety of ranged combat tactics.  
     
*A Violent Underworld Revealed: Explore and conquer a cursed island underworld, 
       breeding ground for the most brutal, unrelenting monsters to torment mankind.  
     
*Control the Ravages of Time: Ravage enemies with the devastating new combative 
       powers of the Sands of Time, opening up astounding variations in fighting 
       gameplay.  
     
*Fight Harder, Play Longer: Hours upon hours of action await in your fight 
       for survival, including various bonus incentives for those who finish 
       the game. 
    -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hoppas det smakar :)