What kind of fanedit: (extended edition = EE, special collection & preservation = SP)

Tagline: Halloween Extended With Original Audio

Original film name: Halloween
New film name     : Halloween (Extended Original Cut)
Film studio name  : Compass International
Edit crew name    : Croweyes1121
Date Original Film Was Released : 10-25-1978
Date Edit Was Released		: 03-25-2007
Original Runtime		: 91 mins.
New Runtime			: 101 mins.
Amount of time Cut/Added 	: 10 mins. added.

Cuts removed/added/extended     : Fully integrated all televison footage back into the film coupled with the film's original 2.0 mono soundtrack.

Fanedit details (please add here details about DVD contents as well as video and audio information):  No menus, just the film in VOB format suitable for burning.

Your intention for this fanedit: To fully restore the television footage to the film while still using the original 2.0 mono soundtrack.  The officially-released "Extended Version" adds the television footage to the film, but the soundtrack, while advertised as the original mono track, is actually a 2.0 downmix of the Dolby Digital 5.1 track.  This track added a lot of new sound effects and replaced old ones.  I found this very distracting.  Two particularly bad problems with the official release is that the synch is completely off during the opening murder scene if you pay attention.  When Judith Myers says "Michael", she mouths the name before you even hear her say it.  Also, at the end, when Dr. Loomis looks down to see that Michael has vanished and the theme music comes in, the 5.1 track (and the 2.0 downmix of it) is very jarring, almost like the music is tacked on to the scene.  This is especially noticeble upon direct comparison with the original mono track.

Your way to achieve your intention: The only place the original audio was actually preserved was on the third audio track option on the theatrical version of "Halloween", so I used that track for all theatrical scenes and just added the extra television footage to the film.  The result, to me, is "Halloween" as I always wanted to see it: extended with the extra footage, but not "improved" with tweaked sound effects.

Hardware and software information (what did you use to create your fanedit): DVD Shrink 3.2

Time needed for the edition: An afternoon.

Persons involved: Just me.	