Xenomorph is the one-man band of Mark Petrick, based in Berlin (Germany).
With nearly 10 years in the business, Xenomorph is one of the veterans in the
trance scene who has played live shows in many countries all around the globe.
He sees himself as the inventor of horror-trance, a unique style that was unprecedented in 1996 when he created songs like "Obscure Spectre" which has
upset many goa-people and was considered "unspiritual" or "un-goa-ish".
Regardless of the initial anti-sentiment against his music he has kept and refined
his style throughout the years in which the community has become more open and appreciative for dark music.

Unlike most younger trance artists who just listen to trance music, Xenomorph was exposed to a multitude of musical influences like new wave, punk/post-punk, gothic,
rock-music, death-rock, industrial, EBM, power-noise, death-metal, crossover/hardcore
as well as classical music and soundtracks.

He started to be musically active in 1985 as a bass-player in a goth-band called
"Fog Drowning". In 1990 he formed his own EBM band "Terminal Warfare" in which
he was the lead singer and has composed the songs. He then joined the local
band "Whippet of Trench" as a keyboard player besides his own project one year later.
Due to him being a multi-instrumentalist, he was asked to play guitar/bass and keyboards for a couple of shows with the local industrial band "The Unkown" in 1993.
As an enthusiastic fan of death-metal, he also found himself in loose collaborations with local death-metal bands as an audio-engineer/guitarist for their demo-recordings in the studio.

In 1994 Xenomorph was born and the first demo-tape called "Through the revealed heart" contained 6 songs which were given to all kinds of DJs like Steve Mason or Westbam to get their feedback. The early goa-labels did not really like the music until in 1996 Koyote Records have expressed their interest to release Xenomorph's debut single/EP followed by the first album "Cassandra's Nightmare", which was a world-wide success.

Xenomorph has produced numerous contributions to VA compilations for labels like Acidance Records,Mechanik Sound Records and Shaffel Records.
In 2000 he collaborated with the israeli artist SKAZI on 2 songs of his debut album during his tour in israel.

After a long time of inspiration the second Xenomorph album "Qlippoth" was released
in 2003 on Gnostic Records which is Xenomorph's own record label.
Until today Xenomorph has continued to produce cutting-edge dark electronic music
and he has done the mastering post-production for more than 20 releases of various
labels including Spun Records, Manic Dragon, Peak Records and Acidance Records.
In 2006 there will be a 3rd Xenomorph Album and the debut album for his guitar side
project as well as various artists compilation tracks.