(Buena Vista Social Club)

Ruben Gonzalez - Chanchullo (2000)

Amazon.co.uk Review
One by one, all the great Cuban musicians who thought their day was done are emerging from "retirement", and with this second stunning CD Ruben Gonzalez shows that, at 82, he's only just begun. He may be almost crippled with arthritis, but once his hands touch the keyboard he becomes transformed. His sheer technique is impressive even by classical standards, but what he does with it is dazzling--chromatic octave runs which are exhilaratingly off-key, chord-fusillades happening all over the piano at once. His key weapon is surprise--he knows exactly when to lurk in the shade, and when to burst forth. And he builds up his tapestries of sound like a sorcerer with a willing group of apprentices. Take the sixth track here, which is a slow "son guajira": the trumpet flies high over soft percussion and a muted choral refrain, then in comes Ibrahim Ferrer's wild vocal in his characteristic slow vibrato, followed by Senegalese singer Cheikh Lo, while Gonzalez weaves his spell all round them--sometimes the sinewy foundation, sometimes the brightest star. He can be jokey or tender as the occasion demands in this collection of danzons, cha-chas, and boleros, but he radiates a pervasive authority. Listen to this record once, and you're hooked for good. --Michael Church 
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Chanchullo-Ruben-Gonzalez/dp/B00004WMZN


Austin Chronicle Review
On Chanchullo, his second album for Buena Vista Social Club sponsor Nonesuch, Gonzalez is heard with his touring group, an all-star unit that includes conguero Anga Diaz, bassist Cachaito Lopez, trumpeter Guajiro Mirabal, and timbalero Amadito Valdes. Vocalist Ibrahim Ferrer and popular Senegalese singer Cheikh Lo, flutist Richard Egues, and guitarists Eliades Ochoa and Ry Cooder also make appearances. Though the album is aimed at a general audience, varied selections including descargas (jams) and Afro-Cuban standards in various genres (son montuno, danzon, son guajira, cha-cha-cha) there isn't a lot of groundbreaking being done even though it's all quite pleasing. Gonzalez may no longer be in his prime, but he remains an inventive, spirited, and technically solid performer, helped along with fine solos contributed by Mirabal and trombonist Aguaje Ramos, whose warm tone and melodic playing is superb. Aside from Lo and Cooder, this band is roughly similar to the one Arsenio Rodriguez had in the Forties with González on piano. Their music was revolutionary then, and now Gonzalez has come full circle back to it. 
http://www.austinchronicle.com/gyrobase/Issue/review?oid=oid%3A79333


Featuring

Ibrahim Ferrer, vocals
Cheikh Lo, vocals
Eliades Ochoa, guitar
Ry Cooder, guitar
Manuel "Anga" Diaz, congas
Orlando "Cachaito" Lopez, bass
Manuel "Guajiro" Mirabal, trumpet
Richard Egues, flute


Files:
01- Chanchullo.mp3
02- De una manera espantosa.mp3
03- La lluvia.mp3
04- Central Constancia.mp3
05- Quizas, quizas.mp3
06- Choco's guajira.mp3
07- Si te contara.mp3
08- El bodeguero.mp3
09- Isora club.mp3
10- Rico vacilon.mp3
11- Pa' gozar.mp3
Ruben Gonzalez - Chanchullo (back).jpg
Ruben Gonzalez - Chanchullo (front).jpg
release-notes.nfo


Album cover encoded in each track (Visible in iTunes, Winamp, others)
Format: MP3, CBR 320 Kbit/s, 44100, stereo. encoder LAME 3.97 --preset insane -m s

Enjoy and seed!

Pastafari 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster  
http://venganza.org
