Got this from a p2p network a while back and since I havent seen this up for grabs here yet I thought I upload it. I havent added or removed anything from the original, this is as I downloaded it. A highly recommended album.

[img]http://www.progreviews.com/reviews/images/RiR-RiR.jpg[/img]




From progreviews.com:


The reissue of this mid-70s Swedish obscurity is probably best compared to the likes of Uriah Heep and Kaipa, but what I can't get out of my mind are Swedish contemporaries Blåkulla. Like that band, who released an equally obscure 1975 self-titled album, Råg i Ryggen play a heavy psych/symphonic hybrid with a fairly evident Yes influence in places. Everything about this album screams 70s psych: the fuzzy guitar tone, the prevalence of Hammond organ, the bubbling Squire-ish bass. All the songs are constructed with melody as a first priority, and the result is a solid, remarkably accessible, if somewhat cheesy effort.

The band missteps big-time with its English-language songs, though ? the lyrics to "You Know It Ain't Easy" and "Queen of Darkness" are atrociously embarrassing, and the music seems much simplified in these pieces as well ("Naked Man" fares better). But songs like the opener, "Spångaforsens Brus" and "Sanningsserum" make up for these with some good old-fashioned rocking, characterized by upbeat vocals, spiraling guitar solos and irrepressibly catchy rhythms. Hipsters looking for the more obscure roots of the inexplicably popular Swedish neo-psych group Dungen's trademark sound would do well to look here.

A brief set of three live bonus tracks is tacked on to the end of this reissue; the first two are songs taken from this album but are of virtually unlistenably bad audio quality. The last track was recorded on a different date and sounds substantially better, although musically the song doesn't really stand up to the best pieces on the original album. Overally though, this reissue is a worthy find for fans of this little niche (certainly a better effort than the rather overrated Blåkulla); fun stuff that, for better or worse, sounds solidly rooted in its time and place.



192 VBR 
Covers included

1. Det Kan Väl Inte Vara Farligt (5:37)
2. You Know It Ain't Easy (7:17)
3. Spångaforsens Brus (5:52)
4. Jan Banan (5:10)
5. Naked Man (6:12)
6. Queen of Darkness (4:31)
7. Sanningsserum (6:30)