Dragons' World: A Fantasy Made Real (2004)

IMDB Link:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0433367/

----

This film is totally amazing.  It is by the people that made "Walking With Dinosaurs, only, instead of dinosaurs, it features DRAGONS.

Everything about dragons is explained in a scientific manner, from their ability to fly, to how they breathe fire.

If you look on IMDB, people were upset because they thought it was real.  How stupid can you be?  Dragons don't exist...

Wow, look at the awards/nominations this film has recieved:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0433367/awards

External subs in English & French, in VOBsub format.

----


Mini Plot:

Fantasy enthusiasts and animal documentary aficionados alike are sure to get a kick from this imaginative blend of adventure and nature special that purports to investigate the discovery of a dragon?s corpse in modern-day Romania. Director Justin Hardy skillfully balances the framing story of a British scientific team that attempts to understand the creature?s unique capabilities (flight, fire breathing) with documentary-style "re-creations" (narrated by The Lord of the Rings? Ian Holm) that explain how dragons evolved since prehistoric times. Stunning CGI effects (members of the visual effects team worked previously on the Walking with Dinosaurs series and Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets) help make these flashbacks as realistic as possible, but what really sells the premise is the script by Hardy and Charlie Foley (with assistance from acclaimed fantasy author Neil Gaiman), which uses real animal biology and history to present a compelling and plausible case for the existence of these mythological animals.

or

Experience the magic of the mythical beast in this stunning depiction of what the world might have been like if dragons had indeed existed. Imagination reins supreme as the incredible possibility is examined to the fullest, using realistic dramatic recreation, superb computer animation, and even a life-like view of the creature's internal organs via extremely precise models. The senses are overwhelmed by fantasy in this truly spectacular exploration that unfolds on an epic scale.

----

What Others Have Said:


1.   Just caught this on Animal Planet & I must say, it's very well done. A story that plays more like a movie than a faux documentary. We're given an in-depth look into the lives of Dragons (mating, caring for their young, fighting enemies, hunting, etc) & it's done so well that when it ends, we don't wonder "IF" they could've existed, but simply WHEN & WHERE. A worthwhile rental that will entertain all ages.


2.   This movie had me rechecking the box to make sure it wasn't a true documentary. The kids loved it and the animation makes me think of some of the museum traveling displays. Very good!


3.   If you love dragons as much as I do, but have always thought that they were something you could just dream of becoming a reality, you should definitely see this movie. It takes a what would be Discovery Channel special view on how dragons may have been alive and how they would have evolved and also why there are so many different types that are known. Throughout the whole show I was wondering even if this was real or fake, it is so well done.


4.  This is basically a pseudo-documentary version of the book "The Flight of Dragons" by Peter Dickinson. (The movie by the same name is an animated fairytale which also uses Dickinson's theories.) The creators took a great deal of Dickinson's work, but left a few things out and added some of their own stuff. For example, the plot of movie (studying an intact dragon corpse) directly contradicts one of Dickinson's theories; while the use of platinum to ignite dragon-fire is a new addition. The movie seems a little preoccupied with creating tension rather than a pure scientific analysis. That could be good or bad depending on your preference. It's a half-hearted storyline, but a decent attempt at keeping the viewer's attention. At worst it's a nice excuse to watch some pretty CG effects and see how dragons "could have worked." At best, it's a mildly entertaining movie and a decent argument for the past existence of dragons. If you like the tales of these beasts at all, rent this movie and check out "The Flight of Dragons" from you're local library branch. Maybe you'll decide they weren't so mystical after all.

----

Encoded by: sickboy88
Codec: XviD 1.1.0 Beta 2
Bitrate: 858 kb/s AVG
Aspect: 640x368 = 1.74:1
Audio: English, 128 kb/s VBR AVG Stereo @ 48K Hz
Subtitles: Optional External: English, French - VOBsub Format
Runtime: 01:39:17
FPS: 23.976

----

If you are going to watch this, you'll want to install the NEW XviD codec:

Now at Beta 2!

http://www.koepi.org/XviD-1.1.0-Beta2-04042005.exe

For top quality, make sure you use the XviD decoder configerator, and turn
on (Y) and (UV) deblocking, and the new feature of
XviD 1.1.0 (Y) and (UV) DERINGING.

If you have a slow computer, please turn off post-processing. I don't want
another stupid motherfucker telling me that my movies are out of sync
because they are totally computer illiterate.