And here's disk 2-if you want disk 3, SEED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

Okay, just so you know, here's the gumpf in the readme file, with a slight change....enjoy!

Please note downloading games you do not own is a crime! So don't do it...or get caught doing it...

This is the first disk of the US NTSC version of Xenosaga Episode 1: Der Wille Zie Macht. I ripped it from my version as the Sir Alucard torrent is pretty much dead. I'll seed as long as I can, but please seed as much as you download! I'll upload disk 2 as soon as I verify it works correctly and have enough peopl seeding disk 1 - usual rules folks!

I haven't split it into a multi-part file as some people find them difficult to use and aren't sure what to do with them. This file is an
iso, so you should be able to burn it using Nero, Alcohol or any number of burning programs. Personally, I recommend Alcohol 120% for this game.

I also recommend high quality DVD disks! I can't stress that enough! Don't drop a comment about it not working if you're using crappy disks, as that's probably your problem, not the iso. This works on my ancient, first model, flip-lid-added PS2, so hopefully you shouldn't have any problems.

Now for the specific stuff:

*ISO format file
*4.16GB in size (Disk 1)
*4.36GB in size (Disk 2)
*4.16GB in size (Disk 3)

(Slightly different from the read me file - I screwed up, this torrent took 11 hours to rip and zip, so sue me!)
*SAVE AT THE ELSA AT THE ABANDONED PORT!!! On disk 1 this is the point where the disk will crash after you tell Matthews you're ready to leave, and so you need to save on the ship before then. When the disk ends, switch off your console, boot up Swap Magic (if you're not modded) and then boot up the second disk. Load your save and 'viola!' you're on disk 2.
*SAVE AT THE SONG OF NEPHILIM!!! On disk 2 for the same reason as above! Just boot up disk 3 instead and you're almost finished!

And thanks to......alkohol on the Afterdawn forums. Without your
guide, I couldn't have played a game I bought more than a year ago!!! (and that was in 2007) and to whomever made the original ripkit for automizing the process.

Hope this helps anyone who can't play DVD9 games!

My email (nice only please): jojo_thenextlevel@hotmail.com
My favourite website: www.bobii-tv.com (free contests and cheap toys!)

Have fun,
C