Late Qing Dynasty political corruption, social unrest, a variety of things-not. This "wind howling winds before a storm over flat" trend indicates that the rule of the Qing Dynasty to be collapsing. 


Tongzhi in 2009, there were two Jiang Governor Bianjiangdaili Ma Yi-stabbed the new cases, the ruling and opposition parties really shocked the whole country devoted. Tongzhi happen in the morning of July 26 2009, Ma Yi-school parade field finished, Dushu return to the road, killed by the assassin Zhang Wenxiang. Assassin not escape, shouting: "I Zhang Wenxiang assassin!" Let the classes fear death, the guardian of the capture. 


After this case, Ching very frightened, that the case involved insider misconduct Bianjiang Minister Wen in face large disgraceful. Therefore, the only cover up contradictions, cosmetic window-dressing. Empress Dowager Cixi to maintain her shaky rule, personally handled the case. Tianjin dealt with lesson plans that are under the Dayuan Zeng Guofan, transferred to hear this case. Zeng Guofan also on the eve of departure, summoned him confidential briefings, said: "Ma-Yi work very well" for the case and set the tone. This is not even assured that within one week, there was a series of ad litem sent Dayuan participation. Xingbu Shangshu Zhengdui move, Feng Zhi Zeng Guofan and the same trial. After a series of intense, and finally set for Zhang Wenxiang a "slip through the net of inverse" and "Fu-piracy" charges, Zhang Wenxiang executions, Zhang Wenxiang evisceration of the heart, and pay homage to the Ma-Yi, thick in to the pension. In short, Ma-Yi is a good officer, Zhang Wenxiang, is a reverse. 


However, things are always difficult to hide the truth, Zhibaobuzhuhuo. A large number of unofficial history, notebooks, novels, operas, has ignored the official historian of Qubi, Ma Yi-stabbed the whole story, made public on January 1. In fact, Ma Yi-Guanyunhengtong reason is because of the false report military merit, and only in the end to satisfy the powerful. In the so-called "bandits" in the fight originally was a general of a defeated army. Captured later, and no backbone, and the "warlord" Xijiejinlan became Baibakuangdi. Bakuangdi by his new director Ma Yi-scene to recover the lost territory farce, the court fool, and even climbed Bianjiangdaili the throne. SUPERFATE after those Bakuangdi originally thought that he could attach himself to the thousands of miles away to join. Ma-Yi and rape of the wife of the Bakuangdi, booby traps the Bakuangdi. Zhang Wenxiang due to accidental causes escape his clutches, only to come to this major thorn to the horse. Evidently, the Ching court relies heavily by the Minister, fish color negative Friends, which is tantamount to an animal. All this is the epitome of the Ching court official corruption, no wonder the Empress Dowager Cixi pains, and must cover up the truth. 


This sensation government, the Empress Dowager Cixi Jingwen: "This is not Shenai?" Zeng Guofan Chenghuangchengkong replied: "This is very surprising." Even more surprising is that, and sentenced Zhang Wen-xiang statements flicker, the trial played in Dayuan vague, although during Zeng Guofan, such as court Dayuan Zhengdui would like to review, but always without the truth, next October, Zhang Min Cheung Caesarean section was dug heart, Ling Ma Nature. 


The "thorn-in" a year-long delay can not be closed, it is inevitable rumors everywhere, and the more complicated the case, future generations will be "thorn-in" and "Yang in fighting with Chinese cabbage", "Yang famous on the floor," " Taiyuan case "and called the" four??end of the Qing dynasty. " 

Zhang Wen-xiang why the "thorn Ma?" Ching is the answer is "listening to and relying on the pirates ordered Siyuan assassination," and "there is no other instigation and complicity informed person." People are divergent Worse still, as early as in the "thorn horses" have not yet closed, the Shanghai performed a "thorn circus." This was the official plan for the elderly and nearly all modern scholars take exception to it, in their view, "Ma thorns" is more like a political event - Foundation are new micro-Ma-Yi's two actually cook on an equal footing with the Governor and Zeng Guofan , Kuen why such attention? "Thorn in Ma" will be just a rumor Jie Ma Yi-thieves who have been captured, conduct misconduct, is pre-meditated? According to the investigation of this is Xiang Xiang Zhang Min, Ma-Yi has been severely punished after he took office Yong Xiang Yu, Ching has also dispatched after the incident, "Xiang Laojie" Zeng Guofan the trial, the mystery of this place? 


Romance rumours and in accordance with civil version, Zhang Min Ma Cheung thorns and the fundamental reason is that Ma Yi-color negative fisheries Friends, Friends of Zhang Wen-xiang for revenge. As for the details of the story, the first new version of the Ma-Yi sinus with a tiger, Cheung became Zhangwen Bakuangdi before Youxiang, following the tether and sell Friends of glory, killing a tiger and a sinus occupy their wives. Zhang Min Xiang vowed revenge, and is willing to end its then. It is worth noting that in the "barnyard-like note," the tiger is the second of a sinus Cao Er-hu. 


Interestingly, in later versions, which, although similar story, but "by the Acacia mangium wife," this green cap Daomeidan continuously renamed, such as a Peking Opera version called Chen Jinwei, and the other version is Zhang Wen-xiang own. Bengjiangbuxiaosheng martial arts known as the "quack-Qi Xia," Cheng Huan, Zhang Che Huang called the film version of longitudinal, television version called cloud-related. Listed in the burden of proof is not frivolous, but would like to "green hat Daomeidan" Name changes that "thorn horses" After many years of people Kingdoms adapted literary significance has been much better than historical value. 


"Thorn horses" in the story has long been popular among the people, various versions of endless, complicated and confusing. But in fact, this story has been included in the "four??Late Qing Dynasty", it is not because the story relayed by a justice or brothers on the issue of Chivalry is not adultery Shusao like lace attract attention, but The case is hidden behind the greater the political and military secrets, according to the Qing Dynasty historical records, the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom decades, Hong Xiuquan amassed countless money. Zeng Guofan and Tianjing fell after collecting all the gold and silver, but the court turned over the amount is very little, there were rumors Zeng Guofan ambitious, so Empress Dowager Ci Xi Zeng Guofan out of Jiangning first, and then summoned a new Ma Yi - , or the Governor of the two Jiang, after the horse is in its Mizhi began under the authority of the financial investigation of Hunan. Ma-Yi in the new direction will be to clarify the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom of wealth, "Ma thorn" in suddenly.