This is the same .torrent as officially uploaded to mininova here:
However the original .torrent only had demonoid as tracker and as demonoid doesn't exist I thought it would be good to have a new release with additional trackers.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Corporation ? Filmakers's Official Net Edition (DivX )

WHY A SHAREWARE VERSION?
Mark Achbar, Executive Producer, Producer, and Co-director, explains: "When I discovered that over 500,000 people had downloaded The Corporation, I had mixed feelings. As a filmmaker and activist, one of my goals is to reach the largest possible audience. So from that perspective, it's an astounding success."

"But I also organized the financing of the film and have ongoing obligations to the individuals and public funders that invested in it. THE CORPORATION was a huge undertaking. Over two hundred people helped make the film, the DVD, and website, and worked on the outreach campaign, over a period of 8 years."

"I think most people downloading the film understand what an enormous effort it is to make a film like this and will support it, if there's a reasonably easy way to. So, I decided to release my own "shareware" version of the film, but with a short message at the beginning, asking viewers for a little financial consideration to help offset the costs of production and keep our outreach efforts going. We now have a "contribute" button on our website, www.thecorporation.com. I hope you?ll decide to use it, and encourage others to as well. ?Thanks!"


You can also send a cheque or money order to:
Big Picture Media Corporation
2676 Eton St.
Vancouver, BC
Canada V5K 1K1


EDITION DETAILS
2004 DVD Version. 145 Mins

BONUS VIDEO: Joel Bakan interviewed by Janeane Garofalo on Air America

NOTE: First version of the film was released as 3 parts for public TV (3 x 57:50 mins).
TV version was condensed to a 167 minute festival version which played in 5 Canadian film festivals. Feedback was solicited from those and other audiences; trimmed the film to 145 minutes.

***Please buy the 2-disc DVD with over 8 hours of extras from www.thecorporation.com***

You can make your contribution here: 
http://www.thecorporation.com/