Doctor Who 2007 series 3 episode 13 Last of the Time Lords

From the BBC website:
(http://www.bbc.co.uk/doctorwho/episodes/2007/313.shtml)


Written by - Russell T Davies
Director - Colin Teague

CAST:
The Doctor - David Tennant
Martha Jones - Freema Agyeman
Captain Jack Harkness - John Barrowman

The Master - John Simm
Lucy Saxon - Alexandra Moen
Francine Jones - Adjoa Andoh
Clive Jones - Trevor Laird
Tish Jones - Gugu Mbatha-Raw
Sinister Woman - Elize Du Toit
Thomas Milligan - Tom Ellis
Prof Docherty - Ellie Haddington
Lad - Tom Golding
Woman - Natasha Alexander

RATINGS:
Overnight: TBA
Final: TBA
Audience Appreciation: TBA

DID YOU KNOW?:

The Master seems to be a Scissor Sisters fan. He's singing along to I Can't Decide from their Ta-Dah album on the flight deck of the Valiant.

"Toclafane" roughly translates into "Fool The Fan" in French. Magnifique!

Dictators love their big statues. Probably the most famous one in recent years was the statue of Saddam Hussein in Baghdad, toppled by occupying forces at the end of the second Gulf War. That was only 20ft tall though, not quite up there with a 200ft Master.

The Master has added his likeness to Mount Rushmore ? joining 60ft granite sculptures of George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Theodore Roosevelt, and Abraham Lincoln. The god Xoanon did something very similar, carving the giant head of the Fourth Doctor into a mountain in The Face of Evil.

Doherty complains about her useless computer system, saying that she misses Microsoft head Bill Gates. Bill's probably working for the Master to make his laser screwdriver Vista compatible, whilst Apple boss Steve Jobs continues to develop the iToc...

CLASSIC CONNECTIONS:

Earth was first referred to by its Gallifreyan name of Sol 3 in The Deadly Assassin. It's in Mutter's Spiral, the Gallifreyan name for the Milky Way.

The Doctor is not stranger to wheelchairs. He escaped from hospital in one in Spearhead From Space and used an electric wheelchair to get around the TARDIS in his weakened post-regenerative state in Castrovalva.

The Master refers to the Doctor's previous battles with the Sea Devils in, er, The Sea Devils, and the Axons in The Claws Of Axos. We've never seen him seal the Rift at the Medusa Cascade on TV though.

Fact File compiled by Rob Francis.

[HerMes Digital Media]