 Internet Cyclone - is a powerful, easy-to-use, Internet Optimizer   
        for Windows 95, 98, ME, NT, 2000 and XP designed to automatically   
        optimize your Windows settings which will boost your Internet       
        connection speed up to 200%. Internet Cyclone is compatible with    
        all modems and high speed LAN, ISDN, CABLE, DSL, T1 or other        
        connections. This software will still be useful to you after        
        upgrading your Internet connection.                                 
                                                                            
        Using this software you will gain guaranteed faster Internet        
        speed for the time you're online. Surfing, downloading files,       
        emailing, playing online games, and anything else you do online     
        will be faster. This is excellent software for slow dial-up         
        modems as well as high speed access connections.                    
                                                                            
        This software will be extremely valuable to you as you continue     
        to upgrade your computer and connections. It will work with all     
        connections and all browsers so it will still be extremely useful   
        to you in the future. You should use Internet Cyclone as a REAL     
        alternative to expensive upgrades.                                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
        What can Internet Cyclone offers to you ?                           
                                                                            
        · Internet Cyclone optimizes your Windows settings automatically    
          or you can customize them.                                        
        · You can speed internet connection without changing your           
          Hardware.                                                         
        · Works with All Browsers.                                          
        · It is compatible with all Dial-Up modems and high speed LAN,      
          CABLE, DSL, DSL (PPPoE), T1 or other connections.                 
        · Internet Cyclone will speed up web surfing, online gaming,        
          e-mailing, chat and video conference and it will even speed up    
          downloads.                                                        
                                                                            
                                                                            
        How does this work ?                                                
                                                                            
        Internet Cyclone is designed to automatically change many           
        registry settings in Windows such as:                               
        Maximum Transmission Unit (MTU), Maximum Segment Size (MSS), Time   
        To Live (TTL), TCP Receive Window (Rwin), Cache Size (NDI), PMTU    
        Black Hole Detect, PMTU Auto Discovery (PAD), Session Keep Alive    
        (SKA) and some Windows Extra settings like: Selective               
        Acknowledgement (SACK), Maximum Duplicate Acknowledge (Max          
        DupAcks), Large Window Scaling, Ports COM, VCache value,            
        Combuffer value, Internet Explorer settings, Maximum connection     
        per server.                                                         
                                                                            
        If these settings are not correctly optimized then you will not     
        get the best performance of your Internet Connection. Internet      
        Cyclone is a proof method to change these settings easily and       
        quickly.  If you are an experienced user, then with this Internet   
        optimizer you can set these values manually and speed up Internet   
        at maximum.                                                         
                                                                            
                                                                            
        How much speed can you gain with Internet Cyclone ?                 
                                                                            
        It will not make your 56k dial-up modem connection to 100k. If      
        you have the Internet connection speed at 56k, it provides you to   
        use it with the best performance. For example we were informed by   
        other people that this Internet optimizer helped them to boost      
        their high speed Internet connections up to 120kb/s (this means a   
        boost of 400%). Microsoft publishes Windows operating systems       
        with default settings (the most compatible settings with all        
        systems). But you cannot get the best performance with this         
        default values. At that moment, you need Internet Cyclone to        
        change those values for you.                                        
                                                                            
        In the UNREGISTERED version of Internet Cyclone there are           
        disabled the extra settings in Windows registry such as: SlowNet    
        Option, SACK Option, Max DupAcks, Large Window Scaling, Maxim       
        Connection per Server, VCache value, Combuffer value, the speed     
        of Com ports, Maximum Sockets Value and Maximum Connection Value    
        which will improve even more your Internet connection speed.        
                                                                            
                                                                            
        System Requirements:                                                
                                                                            
        · 486DX2/66 required, Pentium class or higher recommended           
        · Microsoft(r) Windows(r) NT, 2000, 2003, XP, Me, 98, 95            
        · 16Mb of Memory or Higher                                          
        · Any connection to the net.                                        
        · 2 MB of free disk space                                           
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                            
        For a full listing of Internet Cyclone's Features visit:            
        http://www.jordysoft.com/icyclone/icyclone.php                      
