For all those who were onpass this info on! Stokeman is not gone!

Thursday November 1st, 2007
The Oil Collapse
During the first three hours, researcher Matt Savinar spoke about the peak oil crisis. US oil production peaked in 1971 and has been declining ever since then-- and most other countries are past their peak as well, he reported. New findings such as... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Matt Savinar, Jerome Corsi

Friday November 2nd, 2007
Zzzzzzzz!
Shocked by the story about two pilots who fell asleep while approaching Denver International Airport, George offered an 'I fell asleep (at the most inopportune time)' hotline during Open Lines. A caller who works as an engineer at a Coast to Coast... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Open Lines, Rebecca Rosen

Saturday November 3rd, 2007
Nature of Luck
Author and astrologer Barrie Dolnick joined her co-author, attorney Anthony H. Davidson, in a discussion on the nature of luck and ways a person can maximize his or her own personal luck. Davidson said there are two sides to luck: the rational side involving... 
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): Anthony H. Davidson, Barrie Dolnick, John Farmer

Sunday November 4th, 2007
Reincarnation & Interlives
Author Ian Lawton shared his research into reincarnation and existence between lives. The evidence for reincarnation comes from children's spontaneous memories of previous lives, as well as regression research into adults' past lives, he detailed. Some... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Ian Lawton, Jerome Corsi

Monday November 5th, 2007
Quantum Healing
Appearing during the middle two hours, scientist and inventor Dr. Fred Bell gave an update on his work with quantum mechanics and healing technologies. 'Big Pharma' is not concerned about people's well being, he said. They are planning to replace natural...
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Budd Hopkins, Fred Bell

Tuesday November 6th, 2007
The Bilderberg Influence
Investigative journalist Daniel Estulin, who's been researching the Bilderberg Group for more than 14 years, discussed the far-reaching influence the group wields in domestic and world affairs. Describing them as an "aristocracy of purpose," the 130... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Daniel Estulin, Alex Jones

Wednesday November 7th, 2007
UFO Special: Cases, Sightings & Disclosure
A special 4-hour program devoted to UFO sightings and disclosure featured documentary filmmaker and UFO investigator James Fox and four additional guests. Fox is one of the organizers of a November 12 event at the National Press Club, featuring high... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): James Fox, Leslie Kean, Charles Halt, Nick Pope, James Penniston

Thursday November 8th, 2007
Predictions & Cycles
Futurist and intuitive Sean David Morton returned to share his predictions and insights. He discussed how humanity is affected by different cycles. For instance, a shift of energy starts with the beginning of the '5th night of the Mayan Calendar', November... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Sean David Morton, Mary Ann Winkowksi, Jennifer Love Hewitt

