NFO-file created by PostAssistant v009
Date : 9/17/2006  --  Time : 6:09:19 AM
 
Artist     : Food for Fantasy (Robert Schroeder)
Album      : The Secret of Dreamin'
Source     : CD
Year       : 2006
Genre      : New Age
Label      : Spheric Music     http://www.sphericmusic.de

Codec      :  
Quality    : VBR, average 129kbps, joint stereo

ID3-Tag    : Yes, Version 1 & 2.3

Posted By  :  on 17-09-2006


Included   : This Info-File (NFO)
             Playlist (M3U)
             Frontcover

Tracklisting
------------
01 (05:54) Remember Double Fantasy
02 (05:30) The Secret of Dreamin'
03 (03:00) Create Yourself
04 (09:34) The Spirit of Freedom
05 (10:40) Fast Food (Dinner Version)
06 (01:27) Missing Reality
07 (09:05) Night Lights
08 (06:28) Fantasy Refresher
09 (06:21) Long Running Highways
10 (04:34) Fundamental Relaxing
11 (10:39) Keep on Searching
12 (03:58) Fast Food (Snack Version)

Playing Time : 77:10
Total Size   : 71.7 MB


Buy this cd if you like the music :) 
http://www.sphericmusic.de/shop/pd306888078.htm?categoryId=63 <- Order from here. 

Spheric is a good New Age Music label and mailorder.


To some it might come as a surprise that Robert Schroeder's greatest success sales 

wise was not under his own name at all but instead under the pseudonym Double 

Fantasy (along with guitarist Charly McLion). Their album 'Universal Ave' even 

made it into the US charts! This project has now been rejuvenated with the new 

name 'Food For Fantasy', Phil Molto replacing Charly on guitar. Enough of history 

though- on with the music. A rhythm keeps emerging above mysterious undulating 

drones then disappearing to silence again as the opener 'Remember Double Fantasy' 

gets underway. Maybe it is supposed to represent the awakening of some deep 

pleasant memories of the first album. Eventually the infectious rhythm solidifies 

its presence and we bounce forward in pleasant fashion. The title track comes next 

as guitar licks dreamily ring out. A superb foot tapping rhythm comes to join the 

guitar and it is hard to keep the head from nodding as well. This is really 

lovely, relaxed but also with just that right amount of bite. 

'Create Yourself' is all rather moody, synth touches mixing gently with subtle 

guitar tones then flute type sounds. All very ethereal stuff. 'The Spirit of 

Freedom' uses whooshy type effects to conjure up images of soaring high in the 

air. A steady rhythm soon comes in and it isn't long before we are beginning to 

motor along pleasantly accompanied by some lovely sunny Sunday afternoon type 

melodies. Joyous and uplifting. 'Fast Food (Dinner Version)' has more similarities 

to Robert's solo work than the other tracks so far. Think of a cross between 

'Galaxie Cygnus A' and 'Paradise'. It really gets into a groove with lots of 

melodic touches. Personally, I could have done without the orchestral stabs but 

that could just be me. There is some great guitar that really lets rip. Things 

then become rather edgy in the third minute only to explode into life again in the 

fourth. 'Missing Reality' is very short at only a minute and a half but it is a 

gorgeous moody number combining soft tones and gently strummed guitar. This 

moodiness is continued through to 'Nightlights'. Melancholy guitar mixes with a 

slow head nodding rhythm. Lay back on the sofa and chill. 

'Fantasy Refresher' starts as if we are in some sort of cosmic storm out of which 

an excellent sequence pulses into life. Again this is much more like traditional 

Schroeder but with the addition of some sympathetic guitar work. It's an excellent 

track and probably my favourite on the album. 'Long Running Highways' in many ways 

has a similar feel to the previous track but without the sequence. Instead there 

is a lovely jaunty lead line which duets wonderfully with the guitar. There are 

hints of later Schroeder albums such as 'Mindwalk' here but with an overall more 

'mainstream' than New Age EM feel. 'Fundamental Relaxing' has a soft floatey 

backing over which acoustic guitar melodies weave a melancholy spell. It is a 

short rhythmless number. Simple but beautiful. 'Keep on Searching' has a similar 

feel to the beginning of 'Fast Food (Dinner Version)' in that there are hints of 

earlier Schroeder but given the super chilled treatment. The rhythms are slow 

combining perfectly with almost seductive melodies. 'Fast Food (Snack Version)', 

as might be expected, is a shortened mix of the 'Dinner Version', I suppose more 

suited to radio play. All those who bought 'Universal Ave' as well as fans of 

Robert's solo album 'Brain Voyager' should like this album. Don't expect a 

demanding listen (Berlin School this ain't!), just first rate chilled out grooves 

and melodies. I much preferred it to his recent CD 'Brainchips'. (DL) 

