The Problem :
Do you often notice that your PC just doesn?t run as smoothly as it used to? This could be caused by anyone of several problems or a combination of all of them. The problem is, monitoring today?s PCs is increasingly difficult and time consuming. Even experienced users find effective control of all the settings and resources of their PCs hard to achieve.



The Solution :
SpeedUpMyPC 3 lets you monitor and control all your PC resources with easy, one click instructions. System settings, internet usage, disk clutter, RAM and CPU are all automatically scanned, cleaned and optimized for peak performance. You can also selectively disable or remove unnecessary background and auto-start processes to cut valuable seconds off your startup time.



Optimization :
CPU Usage Overview Disk Analyzer
Application Booster Internet Speed Analyzer
Memory Usage Overview Internet Speed Optimizer
RAM Optimization Startup Manager
Disk Usage Process Viewer



Clean-Up
Junk Clean-Up Scan File Shredder
Detailed Junk Clean-Up Scan Results Uninstall Manager
Privacy Protector Scan Detailed Privacy Protector Scan Results



Settings
Launch Application at Start-up Start scanning when application loads
Launch Scan at Start-up



Benefits:

Maximize your Internet Settings for faster downloading
Boosts your bandwidth and make the best use of your internet connection for faster surfing and quicker downloads.

Intelligent Advice to Predict and Prevent System Slowdowns and Crashes.
SpeedUpMyPC 3 tracks your system and not only warns you proactively when you are operating at critical levels, but recommends preventive action before problems start.

Enhanced Security and Privacy Features
Sensitive data can be permanently put beyond recovery using the File Shredder, while browsing history and cookies can be completely deleted to protect your privacy, from others who share your PC as well as from hackers. A powerful Uninstall feature lets you totally remove unwanted software much more efficiently.

Exceptionally Easy to Use
An easy to use, award-winning user interface that lets you tweak your settings with a single click or lets you navigate and adjust specific settings quickly and easily in just a few clicks.