Vampire: The Masquerade-Bloodlines continues the famous White Wolf
     gaming tradition in a new role-playing adventure, combining intense
     first-person shooter combat with an open, non-linear world, rich
     character development and an immersive storyline. The game plunges
     you into the dark and gritty vampire underworld of modern day L.A.
     as a creature of the night, interacting with and battling mortals
     and other creatures of darkness with an incredible array of vampire
     powers, skills and traits.


     Features:

     * Embrace the darkness as a vampire-Gamers play as a member of one
       of seven different Vampire Clans, each with their own unique
       strengths and weaknesses. Utilizing up to 12 different vampire
       powers including supernatural speed, invisibility, mind control
       and superhuman strength, embark on quests, earning experience
       points to build their character and increase powers, skills and
       traits. Eventually they can rise up through the ranks of Vampire
       Society and become the most powerful creature of the night.
       
     * Next-gen first-person shooter gameplay-Based on Valve's Source
       Technology, the same game technology used to power Half-Life 2,
       Vampire: The Masquerade-Bloodlines features fast-action gameplay,
       detailed graphics, advanced AI and incredible special effects.
       Gamers take on enemies in intense first-person action combat, with
       a combination of vampire powers, hand-to-hand combat and an
       explosive arsenal of weapons including knives, pistols, submachine
       guns, stake guns, flamethrowers and more.
     
     * Immersive RPG adventure-You enter the World of Darkness in L.A.
       from nightclubs and secret ceremonial caverns downtown to seedy
       hotels and exclusive mansions on the Hollywood strip - journeying
       into an open, "living" non-linear world, where every choice may
       lead to ultimate power or an untimely end. You can choose a path,
       where each challenge has multiple solutions and each choice has
       repercussions - help or hurt the denizens of the world while
       reaping the rewards or suffering the consequences. Replaying the
       game making different choices, you will find that characters and
       the environment react differently depending on clans, abilities
       and the "reputation" developed during the journey.
       
     * Online team-based multiplayer-Gamers can go online with friends
       and join in the ultimate battle of light and darkness. Choosing
       which team to join, playing as a vampire or as a vampire hunter,
       with a variety of team-based mission objectives, online combat
       will always be a unique experience.
