Plesk 7.5 for Windows 2000/XP/2003 (2003 preferably)

Overview
Plesk 7.5 for Windows is the latest Plesk release specifically designed to offer hosting providers the most stable and secure control panel available on a Windows platform. Constructed on the strong Plesk 7 for Windows foundation, this new release incorporates product feedback received both from Microsoft specialists and our customers. Building on features in the Windows 2003 platform, Plesk 7.5 for Windows has improved existing security features and added new security measures. More...

What's new?
Plesk 7.5 for Windows will enhance your existing Windows offerings or help you broaden your existing service horizons. This new release has incorporated dozens of user-suggested improvements over the previous version. More...

Benefits
The Plesk family of control panel solutions helps organizations do more with less. Every day you're asked to make your infrastructure more efficient, improve productivity and deliver more applications. Plesk 7.5 for Windows allows you to do all this faster, more securely, more easily and at lower cost. More...

Details
Brandishing an entirely NEW "Look and Feel" Plesk 7.5 for Windows is easy to use, convenient to install and manages all the primary applications needed for Windows hosting. Perfect for the dedicated server running Windows 2003 Plesk's rock solid reputation and tested tough moniker make it the only choice for Professional HSP's worldwide. Plesk is now the "must have" software in every dedicated hosting service professional's arsenal of server management products. More...

Add-Ons
Plesk 7.5 for Windows lets you elevate your service offerings to the next level and enhance the versatility of your control panel with Add-on Modules. View the interface in your native language, offer your customers Anti-Virus and Anti-Spam Software and/or an entire vault of applications including osCommerce software. Plesk's Add-on modules can be purchased a la carte or in our "Power Pack" bundled deals for additional savings. More...

Requirements
Plesk 7.5 for Windows has specific system requirements that when followed can help you maximize your "return on investment (ROI)". SWsoft has posted these simple guidelines to show you how to maximize space and host up to 2000 domains on a single system. Use our domain calculation table to determine what your minimum hardware needs will be. More...

***** KEY INCLUDED - VALID FOR : *****
Slave servers limit 10 
Maximum number of client account Unlimited 
Maximum number of domains Unlimited 
Maximum number of mail accounts Unlimited 
Maximum number of web users Unlimited 
Maximum number of language packs 100 
MPC slave server identifier MyPlesk.com 
MPC functionality On 
Administrator can manage MPC service accessibility On 
Valid for Virtuozzo only No 
Ability to use Microsoft SQL Server On 
Ability to use Tomcat On 
Ability to perform global operations on objects (group operations) On 
Ability to manage system access On 
Ability to use traffic reporting On 
Ability to manage client templates On 
Ability to manage notifications On 
Ability to use event manager On 
Ability to use action logging On 
Ability to use the backup functions On 
Ability to manage domain and client account expiration dates On 
Ability to manage subdomains On 
Ability to use ColdFusion On 
Ability to use application vault On 
Ability to use Spam Filter On 
Ability to use Antivirus On 
Ability to use the site builder On 
Ability to use Help Desk On 
Ability to use Migration Manager On 
Ability to manage updater preferences On 

Post Installation Notes
Login: admin
Password: setup
