Special Notes  
  
  Again this Starforce release requires you to disconnect
  the power cables from your CD and DVD drives.
  
  However strangely the SF3 does not require a mini image
  and will work mounted on the orginal image.
  
  
  If you dont want to do this or you are unsure how to do it 
  dont bother using this release.

  Finally a small note to our worthy competition.

  1.Shade.Wrath.Of.Angels.MI-CLONECD and SuperPower2.MI.Clone-CLONECD
    dont actually work so why bother releasing them?
 
  2.The nfo with both "unworking clones" does not actually make sense.
    Burn and enable RPMS?Then mount mini image?

  3.Could all the new clone groups releasing clones please take note
    that clone rules require only the protected CD to be included in 
    the release.The unprotected CD is actually a dupe of the iso.
    This of course is not the case if the clone is out before the iso.
    

  
  Summary

    The classically popular Inspector Gadget is back in his first all new 
  incarnation in 17 years. This time he has been recruited by an elite 
  international peacekeeping organization - which means new larger-than-
  life capers, new gadgets and a new set of assistants: the Gadgetinis 
  - a group of tiny robotic versions of Inspector Gadget who are 
  frequently the unintended victims of his bumbling. But in the end, 
  thanks to his heart of gold, his indefatigable spirit and a little 
  help from his brilliant niece Penny, Gadget always manages to save 
  the day.


  Features

    4 exciting worlds to explore: Las Vegas, China, The Womp Offices,
    And of course the Mad Base! 

    2 Game Modes for a varied playing experience: Platform mode 
    starring Gadget! Shooting mode starring the Gadgetinis! 

    More than a dozen gadgets available!

    Amazing graphics that render the TV series in 3D!


 
                            *** Installation Notes ***   
                         
                             Ok...now for the important bit...installing and playing..............
  
  1.Mount main image file on your favourite virtual drive and install.

  2.Reboot.

  3.Now remove power cables from the back of all your cd and DVD drives or disable them.

  4.Play game.
    
  
  Game has been tested and run with no problems using this method.
