This is Hans Jenny's groundbreaking book Cymatics - A Study of Wave Phenomena and Vibration - Volume 1 (1967) which vividly depict how audible sound structures matter which can then be used to diagnose and heal people of various diseases among others. Cymatics, the study of wave phenomena, was pioneered by Swiss medical doctor and natural scientist, Hans Jenny (1904-1972). This comprehensive edition portrays fascinating experiments using audible sound to excite powders, pastes and liquids into life-like, flowing forms. The stunning array of images reflects a variety of patterns found throughout nature, art and architecture. Dr. Jenny's cymatic images are truly awe-inspiring, not only for their visual beauty in portraying the inherent responsiveness of matter to sound (vibration) but because they inspire a deep recognition that we, too, are part and parcel of this same complex and intricate vibrational matrix - the music of the spheres! These pages illumine the very principles which inspired the ancient Greek philosophers Heraclitus, Pythagoras and Plato, and cosmologists Giordano Bruno and Johannes Kepler. For Jenny, Cymatics was no mere philosophical conjecture, but a way of life, or perhaps, a way into life. He was a true mystic, a seeker into the infinitude of Nature, questing for the realization of what it is to be truly human. Pictures alone are worth a look. 135 pages, many pictures. A must read for everyone.

About the Author
Hans Jenny was a Renaissance man - medical doctor, painter, pianist, scientist and researcher - whose grasp of the history of science and philosophy gave him a vast perspective. He taught science at the Rudolf Steiner School in Zurich before beginning his practice as a family physician in Dornach, and was a life-long student of Anthroposophy. As a natural scientist, Dr. Jenny explored the diversity of life forms, always with an eye toward the wholeness of nature. His insight into unseen forces of nature lay in his ability to perceive the distinctive characteristics of the individual as well as it's archetypal form, while never loosing sight of the wholeness of the system which gives rise to both! Firmly rooted in phenomenology, he was, at the same time, on the leading edge of "systems thinking." 
