This is the first singel from Sofia Talvik - Street of Dreams released in January 2007.

Its Just Love is a duet with Sofia Talvik and indie icon Bernard Butler from Suede.

www.sofiatalvik.com

Bio:
Sofia Talvik was born on an island (Orust), right outside of the west coast of Sweden. At the young age of 18, she left for the capital and began to write those beautiful stories, which made people acknowledge her from the very beginning.

After a successful EP, she collected 12 of her songs and recorded her debut album "Blue Moon".
As the writer, artist and producer she controlled every step of the process and the result was an album where the lyrics was in the center and the melodies the essence. "Blue Moon" was released in 2005, by the independent record company Starboy Recordings (distributed by Playground Music Scandinavia) to high critical acclaim and quickly established Sofia as one of Swedens most promising young singer/songwriters.
"Blue Moon" took 40 intense hours to record and is basically recorded as live sessions as the goal was to make the record sound as Sofia Talvik and her steady companions The Tallboys would sound at a consert. Having made herself a reputation of a great live-artist, frequently playing at the clubs in Stockholm and around Sweden this was a natural way of doing it and gives the album a uniqe sound that makes it timeless in the sense that it could have been recorded 20 years ago aswell as 20 years from now.

In January 2007 Sofia Talvik released the second album "Street of Dreams". Written and produced entirely by Sofia herself, this time she took it one step further, releasing it on her own label, Makaki Music.
First single from the album is a duet with one of the UKs top indie icons of the last 15 years - Bernard Butler.

"It?s Just Love" evokes memories of the last great "triumph over adversity" duet; "Don?t Give Up" by Peter Gabriel and Kate Bush. Sofia?s soft, delicate, almost fragile vocals soar over a powerful piano melody punctuated by soft percussion, gentle strings and the rarely heard resonance of an acoustic double bass.