J.J. Cale - To Tulsa and Back (on tour with JJ Cale) [DVDR,PAL,TVRip]

IMDB: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0452029/

Recorded from SVT2 2006-07-16.

Language: English
Subtitle: Swedish (on video source)
Source: Analog TV
Video: 4:3 Letterbox
Audio: Stereo
Quality: Good, but not great

Just thought I'd put this online for other Cale fans to enjoy. Sorry about the format, but it's an analog TV-rip. On wide/big 

screens you'll notice the video isn't DVD quality, but audio is good. This is a better conversion from the DVR-MS source than the 

previous WMV version I uploaded.

I won't seed for very long, keep your download running after it's finished so others can enjoy aswell.

-----------------------------------------------

He is a legend wrapped in mystery whose records and persona have earned him a devoted cult following worldwide. J.J. Cale has 

quietly made a major impact on rock music but remains an enigma as perhaps the most unpretentious man in popular music. Although 

he has written some of the biggest rock hits ever and is regularly offered major concert dates, he lived for years in a trailer 

away from the public eye taking years off between recordings and performances.

J.J. Cale is credited with creating the Tulsa Sound, a laid back mix of Rock'n' Roll, Country, Blues and Jazz. When Mojo Magazine 

asked Eric Clapton which other musician he would most like to be, he answered "Cale", calling him "one of the masters of the last 

three decades of music." Neil Young is quoted in his biography Shakey as saying "He┬┤s so sensitive. Of all the players I ever 

heard, it's gotta be Hendrix and J.J. Cale who are the best electric guitar players." Dire Straits' Mark Knopfler also admits to 

having based their sound on Cale?s unique style. Among Cale's devoted fans are musicians of all generations, such as Willie 

Nelson, Tom Petty and Widespread Panic. J.J.Cale is a musician's musician.

While Clapton had two of his biggest hits with Cale?s After Midnight and Cocaine, other artists as varied as Johnny Cash, the 

Allman Brothers, Brian Ferry, Captain Beefheart, Lynyrd Skynyrd, Santana, Jerry Garcia, Deep Purple and many more have covered 

Cale songs such as Call Me The Breeze, Anyway The Wind Blows, Cajun Moon, Call the Doctor, Crazy Mama, Magnolia, Sensitive Kind, 

Travelin Light.

For the first time, Cale has agreed to have a film made about his music, his life and career. The documentary follows him and his 

band through six American states on his recent To Tulsa and Back Tour.