Teach Yourself Icelandic Complete Course Audiopack (Paperback)
by Hildur Jonsdottir 

 
 
Product Details

Paperback 
Publisher: McGraw-Hill; 1 edition (September 15, 2003) 
Language: English 
ISBN: 0071418962 
Product Dimensions: 9.4 x 6.4 x 1.8 inches 
 
paperback isbn: 0 340 85663 7  price: ┬ú14.99  
double CD isbn: 0 340 85664 5 price: ┬ú14.99  
double CD + book pack isbn: 0 340 85665 3 price: ┬ú29.99 

Book Description
Making reservations in Reykjavik? Teach yourself Icelandic. With Teach Yourself it's possible for virtually anyone to learn and experience the languages of the world, from Afrikaans to Zulu, Ancient Greek to Modern Persian, Beginner's Latin to Biblical Hebrew. Follow any of the Teach Yourself Language Courses Audiopacks at your own pace or use them as a supplement to formal courses. These complete courses are professionally designed for self-guided study, making them one of the most enjoyable and easy to use language courses you can find. Audiopacks include an instructional paperback book and two companion 60-minute audio CDs. Prepared by experts in the language, each course begins with the basics and gradually promotes the student to a level of smooth and confident communication, including: Step-by-step guide to pronunciation and grammar Regular and irregular verb tables Plenty of practice exercises and answers Practical vocabulary and a bilingual glossary Clear, uncluttered, and user-friendly layout An exploration of the culture And much more 

Teach Yourself Icelandic is the course for anyone who wants to progress quickly from the basics to understanding, speaking and writing Icelandic with confidence. Although aimed at beginners, it is equally suitable for those wishing to brush up existing knowledge. 

This new edition has been completely updated to reflect current teaching practice, adopting a communicative approach to learning the language and includes lots of artwork and realistic exercises. A story runs throughout the book to keep the language in context and make the book enjoyable and easy to use. Key structures and vocabulary are introduced in 16 thematic units progressing from introducing yourself to going to the cinema. 

The two CDs of accompanying listening material are available separately or in a pack with the book.
