This F16 is from the 555th FS know as the tripple nickel.
This Fighter group has caused more destruction on the face of the earth than all the bomber squadrons in the World put together.
They wear a green stripe on the tail with a raptor claws out. with a 555 above it.
If it gets bombed anywhere in the world you can almost guarantee its at the hands of these illustrious pilots sent out to do the deed by the higher ups. Its the way it works today like it or not....

Well this guy got his ass shot down.
Listen... crazy..... Enjoy   

   History of the Engagement



    Hammer Three-three (Serial 88-0550)
    555th Fighter Squadron, 31st Fighter Wing
    Aviano AFB, Italy


    Not much is yet known about this incident. It did occur, however, over the skies of Kosovo in late spring of 1999. The aircraft was based at Aviano Airbase, Italy. The pilot was quickly rescued. Below is what I have found so far off of CNN.com.
    Thanks to "Ice" and "Ross" for correcting some of the errors in the transcript!!!

    2 NATO warplanes down in Kosovo operation

    May 2, 1999
    Web posted at: 8:53 a.m. EDT (1253 GMT)

    BRUSSELS, Belgium (CNN) -- While three American servicemen held for a month in Yugoslavia made their way to freedom in Germany on Sunday, NATO reported that it had lost two U.S. aircraft in its Kosovo air campaign.

    An F-16 crashed about 18 kilometers (11 miles) east of the Serbian town of Kozluk early Sunday, NATO spokesman Jamie Shea said. The plane was returning from a combat mission in Yugoslavia.

    "The pilot ejected at around 2:20 a.m. (1200 GMT) this morning and he was rescued by NATO forces two hours later," Shea said. "He is safely back at his operating base, where he is receiving medical attention and being debriefed on the incident."

    Serbian air defense officials said they shot down the F-16, but NATO military spokesman Col. Konrad Freytag said the jet crashed after experiencing engine failure. He said the cause of the engine failure was unknown.

    The second lost plane was a Harrier jump jet, which crashed into the Adriatic Sea while returning to the amphibious assault carrier USS Kearsarge from a training mission. Its pilot was also rescued, Shea said.

    Previously, NATO lost an F-117 stealth fighter, which went down in Serbia on March 27; and an Apache helicopter, which crashed while training in Albania last month. Four pilotless "drones" have also been lost.



    Courtesy www.f-16.net

    February 7, 2007 (by Chris Roberts) - The surface-to-air missile that hit the belly of Lt. Col David Goldfein's F-16 in May 1999 came from an unexpected source.

    The SAM launch sites had proved to be a constant threat in Serbia, disappearing and reappearing. This one appeared right under the squadron's route as it flew into Belgrade, Serbia, on a night mission to destroy enemy air defenses. The missile destroyed Goldfein's engine.

    "I became a very expensive glider pretty quick," said the 47-year-old Goldfein, now a brigadier general in command of Holloman Air Force Base, who recounted the incident last week. He saw the flak clouds from the anti-aircraft fire that was trying to zero in on his damaged plane.

    He felt a stinging sensation on his hand and he looked down to find blood welling from a minor shrapnel injury, said Goldfein, who then commanded the 555th Fighter Squadron and led the first of many missions of Operation Allied Force over Serbia.

    "That's when your training kicks in," said Goldfein, one of two pilots shot down in the operation. "It was a full-moon night. You don't want to be highlighted (in the sky) too long."

    He waited to eject so he would have just enough time for his parachute to deploy while spending as little time as possible as a floating target. The ejection mechanism worked flawlessly.

    After landing in a "perfectly plowed field," he rolled and popped off his parachute. Helmet still on, he grabbed his things and headed for a ravine. The ravine sloped down at a steeper angle than he had expected from his hasty survey, and he tripped and fell face first.

    "My stuff was like a raft in front," he said. "I was riding it like Indiana Jones down to the bottom."

    He collected himself and then made radio contact with the fighters still circling above.

    "My first call was answered by my buds who were with me," Goldfein said. "There wasn't a minute I didn't hear jets overhead, and that was very comforting. There was absolutely no question in my mind I was getting out that night."

    As his training had taught him, he dumped anything shiny that would reveal his location and traveled along the edge of the plowed field. If the field had land mines, he thought, the farmers would already have dug them up.

    The countryside looked a lot like Indiana or Ohio farmland, he said. "There were lots of dogs and roosters up and awake and sounding off at 2 a.m.," he added.

    After walking about two miles, he found a relatively remote cleared area.

    "I had to find a good spot to stay hidden and coordinate the rescue," Goldfein said. "It was just, 'Don't screw it up; don't get in the way.' "

    He once again communicated his position, and then, from his hiding spot, heard a rustling sound and looked in the direction of the noise.

    "Whatever it was, it reared up on its hind legs ... I saw beady eyes," he said. "I say it was a Serbian tiger, but my buds said it was probably a field mouse."

    He ran for a distance, which turned out to be a blessing because he found a better landing spot. When the rescue helicopter arrived, it brought enemy fire with it. Within seconds of its arrival, Goldfein was in the helicopter. A later inspection revealed five bullet holes in the fuselage.

    "We never know when some young airman is going to risk everything to come pull us out," Goldfein said. "You become extremely humble. They get a bottle of scotch from me every year -- a single-malt, good quality."

    Goldfein said the unit saves the last of the bottle and, when he is able to bring the new bottle in person, they drink it together. Even though the airmen who participated in his rescue have rotated out of the squadron, he said, "it's the legacy of the unit."

    But, he added, "I keep in touch with many of the airmen on that rescue."

    Goldfein said he wanted to fly immediately afterward, but his commanders told him to wait a day. Although he flew the next day, he points out that pilots in Vietnam often flew the same day they were rescued and they didn't receive a hero's welcome when they returned home.

    Nonetheless, Goldfein could rightfully consider the incident a day at the office.

    "My dad is a career fighter pilot in the Air Force century series fighters," Goldfein said. "I've really been in the Air Force my whole life."

    His older brother, a two-star general, is vice director of the Joint Staff at the Pentagon, and his younger brother flies F-16s at Hill Air Force Base in Utah.

    Goldfein also deployed to Abu Dhabi for Operations Desert Shield and Desert Storm and to the Vicenza Combined Air Operations Center for Operation Deliberate Force. He has more than 3,900 flying hours in the T-37, T-38 and F-16C/D.



    The aircraft was from the 31st Fighter Wing, 555th Fighter Squadron
    Aviano Airbase, Italy
    Serial Number 88-0550
    F-16CG-40D

    The "before crash" picture is displayed on this page's background.

    Thanks to Sharpshooter Military Aviation Journal for providing extensive material on this matter. Thank you!!


Crew/Description
----------------------------


LT COL (now BRIG GEN) David L. Goldfein
Pilot #6 Opposing Solo
Hammer 33 (F-16C, Serial 88-0550)
(HMR3)

Hammer 31 (F-16C, Serial ?)
- Pilot: ? (HMR1)
***There may be a bit of confusion either among the pilots or myself. Later in the recording you will hear another callsign ending in "3" (Crank 73, or something of that nature), and Magic (AWACs) gets confused and says "Confirm again your callsign", since Hammer 33 ejected. Also confusion between Hammer One and Hammer Three (the incident pilot keeps asking "Hammer Three, can you hear me", usually with no response, since he is calling himself (if he is Hammer Three). Get it?

Unknown (possibly Hammer 32 or 34?)
- Pilot: ? (UKN1)

Crank (?) 73
- Pilot: ? (CRK73)

Magic Five-five
- AWACs E-3 Sentry (MAGIC55)

----------------------------

CLICK HERE TO LISTEN!!!!


MAGIC55?- "Hammer, did you guys take a hit? Hammer, status?"
- "Crank three magnum, three tango, one-five-four, twenty-four."
HMR3- "Okay, I've got a problem."
HMR1- "I got your mark (?)."
- "Hammer Three (unintelligible)."
HMR3- "Hammer Three's got engine problems now, lube low. Engine's--"
UKN1- "Hammer."
HMR3- "Hammer Three, can you hear me? Hammer One, can you hear me?"
HMR1- "Got you loud and clear. I've got a mark."
HMR3- "Okay, I'm headed westbound, I'm headed westbound now."
UKN1- "Hammer, lets ah. .lets ah retrograde west."
MAGIC55?- "Hammer, (?), retrograde west, (?)."
HMR3- "I'm gonna continue to glide as long as I can. Start findin' me boys!"
- (unintelligible)
MAGIC55- "Give me a flash, Hammer."
HMR3- "I'm gonna shut down the engine, I'm gonna try restart."
UKN1- "Hammer, your posit?"
MAGIC55- "Hammer, this is Magic, can you give me a flash?"
HMR3- "Unknown location. Passin' fourteen-thousand feet."
UKN1- "Hammer Three-three, you got the visual?"
- "Two-four-zero."
HMR3- "Roger, I'm headed two-four-zero. Thirteen-thousand feet."
MAGIC55- "Hammer three, Magic bullseye posit if able."
- "(?) three-four-two for seventeen for Hammer Three."
HMR3- "Engine's definetally quit, I'm glidin' her boys. Passin' ten-thousand. Three, ya got me..three you got me on--? Three, can you hear me?"
HMR1- "I've gotcha loud and clear now."
HMR3- "Roger, do you have me on radar?"
MAGIC55- "And Hammer Three, Magic Five-five, confirm your bullseye, two-six-zero, twenty miles, westbound."
HMR3- "I can't be positive off of that."
- "They've, ah, lost everything (?)." (explains why Hammer 33 does not know where he is at, lost all avionics and his "bullseye display".)
MAGIC55- "I've got a track from that, two-five-five, twenty-two, twenty-thousand, westbound." (AWACs has another "blip" on their radar scope near what he believes is Hammer 33's contact.)
- "Roger, (?)"
MAGIC55- "Copy."
UKN1- "Can you give us your posit from that?"
HMR3- "Negative (static for almost 8 seconds, talking about AAA)." (Hammer 33 sees some AAA and is trying to reference other pilots to where he is in relation to the AAA.)
UKN1- "Okay. We see that triple-a as well."
- "Hammer Three, whats, ah, your position above the cloud deck from that, ah, triple-a?"
UKN1- "Okay. Three's got a lock." (This pilot was able to lock his radar onto Hammer 33 and get his definate position.)
MAGIC55- Say bullseye posit if able.
UKN1- "That two-thirty. . .positio-position, two-thirty-two for twenty-eight."
MAGIC55- "Copy, contact there."
CRK73- "Three's contact there also."
MAGIC55- "Copy, confirm again your callsign."
- "Tell Hammer Three that I've got a lock on 'em."
CRK73- "Magic, CRANK(?) seven-three."
MAGIC55- "Seven-three Magic, go ahead."
CRK73- "Did you get the frequency to work some SAR assets with you?"
MAGIC55- "We're workin' on it right now."