You'll set new standards yourself with this latest suite of compilers. PowerBASIC 8 for Windows, our GUI compiler, creates applications and DLLs with the Windows look and feel. And PowerBASIC Forms, our Visual Dialog Designer, will have those GUI apps running in no time at all! For text mode, there's the PowerBASIC Console Compiler 4 -- no fluff, no animated puppets, just intense computing power. That's why it's said "We put the POWER in BASIC!".
With a new graphics package, both compilers offer GRAPHIC PRINT for text... any font, any size, any color! Lines, circles, boxes. Polygons, fills, bitmaps. Rounded rectangles, arcs, and much, much more. Of course, there are Graphic windows and controls to display your works of art. And with XPRINT (for new extended printing), you'll send your text and graphics to "Windows-only" printers, too.
Signed and unsigned bit variables, 1 to 31 bits wide, can be packed one after another in User-Types and Unions. We have FIELD string variables, and a FIELD statement for resizable data structures. Even THREADED variables for Thread Local Storage (data local to a thread). Then there's ERL for error line, and RESUME / RESUME NEXT to retry code which errored.
With PB/CC, consoles are now optional. You'll get virtual consoles, larger than the screen, and a raft of new functions to move and resize. KEY and KEY$() assign text to function keys. Even INPUT from the keyboard, for DOS compatibility.
Then there's the IDE... Block Indent/Outdent. Block Comment/Uncomment. Bookmarks, more undo space, and source file templates. The editor and debugger are unified -- you can set breakpoints anywhere, in any file, even before you debug. And watch windows? They're moveable, resizable, and they remember where you want them.
Are GUIs more to your taste? PB/Windows has a PIXEL option, when dialog units aren't enough. Even an option to resize to a specific client size. If that isn't enough, take a look at PowerBASIC Forms. Our state-of-the-art visual designer, it works with PB/Windows 8 to build GUIs almost as fast as you imagine them! You'll drag'n'drop controls, quickly build complex menus, automatically create resources from your images and version info. Create and name your own favorite styles. Import GUI designs from Visual Basic or a resource editor like Visual Studio. Even automate hand-written DDT code.
Home: 
http://www.powerbasic.com/

Enjoy