Adobe┬« Audition? 1.5 software is a professional audio editing environment that offers advanced recording, mixing, editing, and effects processing capabilities to demanding audio and video professionals.
Product OverView:
 Use integrated tools
Complete audio studio
Handle all of your digital audio tasks within a single application. Work with a multitrack mixing view, a mono and stereo waveform editing view, and audio effects; create music with loops; and burn audio CDs.
Enhanced support for video
Edit video soundtracks more easily with the ability to view video frames in the Timeline and import a wide range of file formats, including AVI, native DV, MPEG, and WMV.
Powerful audio effects and DSP tools
Work with more than 50 digital signal processing (DSP) tools and effects, mastering and analysis tools, audio restoration features, and third-party DirectX and VST plug-ins.
Powerful multitrack mixing
Use the Multitrack View for recording, mixing, and editing up to 128 stereo tracks. Record up to 32 inputs, use real-time effects and EQ on every track, play back video and MIDI files, and more.
Wave editing view
Record and edit individual audio files with fast, accurate tools that are tightly integrated with the Multitrack View for an improved workflow.
 Sound your best
Highest quality audio
Record, edit, and mix high-resolution 32-bit files using any sample rate up to 10MHz, including standard rates such as 44.1kHz (CD quality), 88.2kHz, 96kHz (DVD quality), and 192kHz.
More than 5,000 royalty-free music loops

Create your own music using more than 5,000 performance-based, royalty-free music loops. Styles include Rock, Techno, Classical, Reggae, and more.
Audio restoration
Restore old vinyl, remove hisses and hums, fix clipped audio, and recover previously unusable recordings with classic or automatic Click/Pop Eliminators, Noise Reduction, Hiss Reduction, and Clip Restoration effects.
Pitch correction
Correct off-pitch performances and create pitch-based effects using the new pitch correction effects. Use the automatic mode for quick results or the manual mode for precise control.
Frequency space editing
Visually isolate and select sounds in frequency and time using a marquee selection tool in the spectral editing view, and then clean up, modify, or apply effects to the selected sound.
 Work efficiently
Support for professional audio standards
Work with industry-standard file formats, expand your options with VST and DirectX plug-ins, and use ReWire support to easily work with other audio software.
Integrated CD burning
Create quick reference masters of your compositions by burning gapless audio CDs directly from Adobe Audition.
Multichannel Encoder
Use the Multichannel Encoder to transform any multitrack mix into a 5.1 surround sound experience, and then export the results as an interleaved file for use in Adobe Premiere┬« Pro software.
Improved workflow with other Adobe video products
Work more smoothly with Adobe Premiere Pro, Adobe After Effects┬«, and Adobe Encore? DVD software thanks to numerous user interface enhancements.
Audio analysis tools
Work with built-in analysis tools, including frequency analysis, phase analysis, and Spectral View, in real time. Easily see audio characteristics from edit to edit.
Accurate audio editing tools
Use the integrated Waveform View to edit individual audio files with fast, sample accurate tools.
Powerful effects
Produce high-quality results with more than 50 DSP tools and effects.
Detailed audio analysis
See audio characteristics in detail with frequency and phase analysis tools as well as the Spectral View.

---------------------------------------------------------
This file has been scanned with Norton Anti Virus, and is clean.  I test all files prior to uploading the torrent.  This file does have the keygen / crack included in the file.
Please read the files included in the file you are downloading to figure out how to use the crack!
I am providing these programs for testing purposes only.  If you like this software, buy it!
CastorTroy4693
---------------------------------------------------------