More Info: ebooktorrents(dot)blogspot(dot)com

Title: Juniper JUNOS Cookbook

Date Published: 2006

Synopsys:

The Juniper Networks routing platforms are becoming the go-to solution for core, edge, metro and remote office networks, and JUNOS software is behind it all. The operating system is so full of industrial-strength routing protocols and IP innovations that those treading into the world of JUNOS will need clarification, explanation, and a showcase example or two. Look no further. This "JUNOS Cookbook" provides it all and more. Yes, you can mine through the 5,000 pages of documentation or take a two-thousand-dollar training course, but JUNOS's interprocess sophistication can be baffling unless you know the shortcuts and tricks, as well as those rays of illuminating comprehension that can come only from those who live with it. "JUNOS Cookbook" is the first comprehensive book about JUNOS software and it provides over 200 time-saving step-by-step techniques including discussions about the processes and alternative ways to perform the same task. It's been tested and tech-reviewed by field engineers who know how to take JUNOS out for a spin and it's applicable to the entire line of M-, T-, and J-series routers. "JUNOS Cookbook" will not only pay for itself the first few times you use it, it will make your network easier to manage and update. "Aviva Garrett has done a tremendous job of distilling the features of JUNOS software in a form that will be useful for a wide audience-students, field engineers, network architects, and other networking professionals alike will benefit from this book. For many people, this is the only book on JUNOS they will need." - Pradeep Sindhu, CTO and Founder, Juniper Networks. "This cookbook is superb. Aviva Garrett has masterfully assembled a complete set of practical real-world examples with step-by-step instructions. Security, management, routing: it's all here!" - Stephen Gill, Research Fellow, Team Cymru. "A technical time-saver for any NOC or SOC working with JUNOS. It's clear, concise, and informative recipes are are an invaluable resource." - Scott A. McIntyre, Security Officer, XS4ALL Internet B.V.