ScanSoft PDF Converter Professional is the complete PDF solution for business users. Creating and sharing PDF documents has never been easier. PDF Converter Professional features unmatched speed and simplicity while taking productivity to the next level with groundbreaking PDF conversion and form filling capabilities. For the 1st time ever, PDF files can be edited in Microsoft Word or Excel and standard PDF forms can be instantly converted to fillable PDF forms. Combine this with PDF Converter Professional's new mark-up, commenting and cutting-edge security features and you truly have Better PDF for Business.

Features & Benefits

Create industry-standard PDF-- Instantly create 100% industry-standard PDF files that can be read, printed, or processed by popular PDF viewer programs ?such as Adobe┬« Acrobat┬« Reader and ScanSoft?s PaperPort Professional
Ensure your documents are secure-- Protect your document?s integrity by employing password and permission control. Restrict access to information with passwords and use digital signatures to ensure documents remain authentic
Fill out and edit PDF forms-- Now you can turn static PDF forms into fillable PDF forms or Microsoft Word forms. PDF Converter Professional includes Logical Form Recognition (LFR) - the advanced form conversion technology used by the IRS, Secret Service and other leading organizations.
Comment and mark-up PDF files-- Now the full array of mark-up and commenting tools are available for your collaboration needs. Highlight, cross-out, underline text, add pop-up comments or stamps etc. PDF Converter professional is a complete editing station
Directly edit within PDF files-- Now for the first time you can edit directly within a PDF file. Add, copy, rearrange, even change the position of charts and graphics. With PDF Converter Professional it?s as easy to access information within a PDF as it was in the original file.
Combine different files to create an organized document-- Create a single PDF file from multiple sources and share your work as a single integrated document
Precise Conversion of PDF into Microsoft Word, Excel and Corel WordPerfect-- PDF Converter Professional instantly turns PDF files into fully-formatted documents ? complete with text, columns, tables and graphics. Leveraging the world?s best document conversion technology from ScanSoft, users have the option of duplicating the original with flowing columns and wrapped graphics, or creating a true-page representation using text and graphics boxes.
Watermarks and Stamps-- Users can apply watermarks and stamps to their documents, choosing from a pre-made selection, or creating custom versions. Custom watermarks can be applied from other PDF files, or created within the program
Advanced Font Embedding, Graphics and Page Size Controls-- Supports font embedding for all and non-standard fonts, and also supports shading and transparency conversions. Users can select the graphics resolution of the resulting PDF, and can control PDF page size and orientation. The product supports the creation of custom page sizes and automatic scaling in inches, millimeters and points.
Does not require additional software or Adobe Acrobat-- PDF Converter Professional does not require any Adobe software on the system.

ScanSoft Has Been Renamed Nuance
 
http://www.nuance.com/pdfconverter/professional/