Go Fish (1994)



Country: USA
Language: English
Color: Black and White

Directed by Rose Troche
Produced by Christine Vachon (executive producer), Tom Kalin, Rose Troche, Guinevere Turner, V.S. Brodie (associate producer)

Written by Rose Troche, Guinevere Turner

Starring: Guinevere Turner, V.S. Brodie, T. Wendy McMillan, Anastasia Sharp, Migdalia Melendez


Max (Turner) is a young lesbian student in Chicago who's gone ten months without having sex. She and her roommate Kia (McMillan) are in a coffee shop when they run into Ely (Brodie), a hippieish woman with long braided hair, whom Max initially dismisses. Max and Ely do end up going to a movie together. After the movie they return to Ely's place and, after some flirtatious conversation, they kiss. Suddenly a call comes in from Ely's (unseen on-screen) partner Kate, with whom Ely has been in a long-distance relationship for more than two years, which puts a bit of a damper on things.

Ely decides to cut off all her hair, ending up with a very short butch style. She runs into Max in a bookstore and Max almost doesn't recognize her.

Kia's girlfriend Evy (Melendez) returns home. Her ex-boyfriend Junior is there. Evy's mother confronts her, saying that Junior told her that he had spotted Evy at a gay bar. Evy's mother kicks her out and Evy flees to Kia's place and Max invites her to live with them.

Ely and her roommate Daria (Sharp) throw a dinner party and, after a spirited game of I Never, Max and Ely reconnect. They make plans to go out again and then begin making out. They have several phone conversations, in the course of which Ely reveals that she's "sort of broken up" with Kate. They get together for a second date but they never make it out of the apartment. Max ends up trimming Ely's fingernails. This turns into foreplay and they have sex. Intercut with the closing credits are shots and short scenes of Max and Ely's burgeoning relationship.


 
http://www.amazon.com/Go-Fish-Guinevere-Turner/dp/B00005BKZK


Video:
Resolution: 448x336 (4/3)
FPS: 23,98
BitRate: 1074 Kbps
Quality Factor: 0,30 b/px
Codec: XviD MPEG-4

Audio:
Number of channels: 2
Sample Rate: 48000 Hz
BitRate: 104 Kbps
Codec: MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)
