Legend of the Wolf aka The New Big Boss (1997) 

Premise: Man Hin suffers from amnesia that he contracted while fighting with a group of bandits. With only glimpses of his past as his guide, he seeks out a woman he once knew and must defend her and the local villagers from bandits.

Review: If there has ever been a movie that people have either loved or hated, this must be it. The directorial debut by Donnie Yen features some of his best work to date. Having a minuscule budget of US$500,000, Donnie Yen knew everything had to be perfect he first time around. But the restrictions didn?t dampen his artistic vision and he proceeded to produce a martial arts masterpiece, in a fashion as only he could.

What makes the movie a masterpiece cannot be explained, but it is the combination of the various elements residing in the movie. The story is split into two parts, with one detailing his past while the other provides a doorway into that past. In the modern day, an assassin wishes to meet the legendary Wolf (Donnie Yen), but with a dishonest motive. The setting is an abandoned building where Man Hin?s partner Wai, leads the assassin to. While Yen?s character takes a nap his partner starts to tell the tale of Fung Man Hin. Many have complained about the amount of flashbacks, but I could only count three myself. And it wasn?t distracting or disorientating. The second flashback?s entry is the best, as it jumps back into a battle with the sound of an oncoming sword. What follows is a mess of close-up filming, mixed with unrealistic combat as two combatants defeat a whole gang of bandits in a forest. Those would be the views of someone who was expecting a normal kung fu flick. This fight takes place in a beautiful forest which reappears for the final battle and the fighting looks the way Donnie intended it too, to be viewed from afar. It should be looked at as a whole, with blood flying through the air being a confirmation of the brutal assault he lays onto his victims. His kicks are mostly visible and a stunning testament of his combat capability.

After fighting against the bandits, Man Hin and his guide (Wai) soon realize that the attack was meant for Man Hin. The night is spent in an old temple where he tries to remember the girl he should meet. The next day Wai shows the villagers the sword he stole from Man Hin, and tells them what a remarkable fighter Man Hin is. Soon afterwards a group of men attack Man Hin and he ends up lying unconscious on the temple floor. Suffering from various injuries Wai rushes his friend to the house of Wu Yee (Carmen Lee) who nurtures him back to health and turns out to be the girl he was looking for. The relationship between Man Hin and Wu Yee is the central point in the movie and the single event that made Man Hin?s life turn out the way it did. The movie doesn?t get soppy when reacquainting the two persons, but shows us how hard it is for Man Hin to remember what he had with her. Wu Yee herself also becomes frustrated with his memory loss, but they do achieve happiness, no matter how short lived it may be.

The final flashback is told by Man Hin himself, as he tries to influence the assassin to change his life. He recounts the love he felt and the tragic events that followed. One morning a whole gang of  roughly 50 men enter the village looking for Man Hin. From there on we see the people all getting killed and only Wai being able to hold his own. Then Donnie emerges and walks forward through the masses playing an invincible hero, as he kicks and punches everything in his way. From here on we see many of the villagers being killed by the gang while Wai is the only fighter capable of defending himself. As Donnie catches up with them he fights his way to Wu Yee, only to ultimately lose her again.

Next we see the tragic element in his life, and as the bandit leader explains to him what he did when he was younger. Even though he can?t remember what he did, we can see that he knows he led a bad life and that he has to pay for it, dearly. The final battle places two very good fighters in close quarters. They block, kick and punch each other's souls out of their bodies. You also get to see some amazing footwork from Donnie as he basically assaults his opponent with one leg constantly in his face at times. When the battle is finally finished we see that Man Hin has just punished the bandit with something worse than death. His story did not affect the young man much as the assassin denies Man Hin's knowledge and gets outsmarted by his would-be victim. It should also be noted that the second-last fight might well be one of the most incredible fight scenes I have ever had the privilege of seeing.

You may want to watch the movie a couple of times until you truly understand it. The fight scenes are more than just fight scenes and if anyone tells you otherwise it?s because they didn't connect with the film. I believe Donnie Yen reinvented the martial arts genre with this movie and that it will one day receive due credit. Even the latter doesn't happen, it'll always remain a reflection of Donnie Yen's vision.
	
- Rudolph Pretorius

_________________
If this torrent link is dead or not well seeded, PM me for a re-seed
