                       AnyDVD & AnyDVD HD 6.1.8.4 Final
                       ********************************

AnyDVD is a driver, which descrambles DVD-Movies automatically in the background. This DVD appears unprotected and region code free for all applications and the Windows operating system as well. With AnyDVD's help copy tools like CloneDVD, Pinnacle Instant Copy, InterVideo DVD-Copy, etc. are able to copy CSS protected Movies. You can remove the RPC region code, thereby making the movie region free and viewable on any DVD player and with any DVD player software. With the help of AnyDVD you can watch movies with non matching region codes with every DVD Player Software you like!
AnyDVD is capable of removing unwanted movie features, including subtitles and prohibition messages such as copyright and FBI warnings. It also allows you to launch an external application whenever you insert or remove a disc, or prevent 'PC-friendly' software from automatically launching when you insert a video DVD. AnyDVD decrypts not just DVDs: AnyDVD allows you also to play, copy and rip protected Audio CDs!
Decryption is not all that AnyDVD offers. You can control the drive speed of your DVD drive, allowing you to reduce the noise level when watching movies on your PC. You can even adjust the display frequency of your monitor for both NTSC and PAL displays.

Features:
Works automatically in the background
Removes encryption (CSS) and region code (RPC) from DVDs
Removes analogue copy protection (Macrovision)
Removes features such as forced subtitles and warnings
Decrypts without the need to save the data onto your hard-disk
Decrypts 'on the fly'
Prevents automatic launching of 'PC-friendly' software on video DVDs
Allows adjustment of your monitor refresh rate for both NTSC and PAL monitors
Allows execution of external programs on disc insertion and removal
Allows speed control of your DVD drives
Compatible with all DVD media
Works with all DVD-drives, regardless of region code
Works with all DVD copying, such as CloneDVD, and all DVD player software
Works transparently for the operating system: DVDs can be shared over the network and copied with the command prompt or with Windows Explorer, etc.
Proven to be stable and fast and does not require an ASPI driver
Features AnyCDDA: play, copy and rip protected audio CDs

AnyDVD HD comes with same functionality as AnyDVD, but with additional features for full HD-DVD (High Definition DVD) support, including decryption of HD-DVD movie discs. Allows you to watch movies over a digital display connection, without HDCP compliant graphics card and HDCP compliant display. No need to buy an expensive monitor. Sweet! Playback your discs on your PC with PowerDVD Ultra, which otherwise do not run (titles released by Studio Canal, The Weinstein Company, Kinowelt, Optimum Releasing). AnyDVD HD is the "must have" utility for the serious home theater enthusiast using a media center / home theater PC. Another amazing feature of AnyDVD HD is "magic file replacement . Remaster any commercial movie disc using simple XML scripts. These scripts will "magically" replace the files on the physical disc. You can customize discs as you like without even making a copy to hard disk!
AnyDVD comes with a UDF 2.5 file ripper, no need to install 3rd party UDF 2.5 file system under Windows XP.

Features of AnyDVD HD:
Same features as regular AnyDVD
Removes encryption (AACS) from HD-DVDs
Watch movies over digital display connection, without HDCP compliant graphics card and HDCP compliant display.
Playback of discs on the PC with PowerDVD Ultra, which otherwise do not run.
Removes user prohibitions, you can select the language and subtitle track without going through the disc's menu.
Removes parental restrictions.
Allows you to remove or skip Studio Logos and warning messages.
With "magic file replacement you can remaster any commercial movie disc using simple XML scripts.
The "must have" utility for the serious home theater enthusiast using a media center / home theater PC.
Includes a UDF 2.5 file ripper, no need to install 3rd party UDF 2.5 file system under Windows XP.

Features Blu-Ray:
Same features as regular AnyDVD
Removes encryption (AACS) from Blu-Ray DVDs
Removes region codes from Blu-Ray DVDs
Watch movies over digital display connection, without HDCP compliant graphics card and HDCP compliant display.
The "must have" utility for the serious home theater enthusiast using a media center / home theater PC.
Includes a UDF 2.5 file ripper, no need to install 3rd party UDF 2.5 file system under Windows XP.

System Requirements 4 HD Blu-Ray:
IBM-compatible PC with a minimum 2 GHz Pentium-class microprocessor and 512 MB RAM
Windows 98/98SE/ME/2000/XP/XP64/VISTA/VISTA64
2 MB hard-disk space
For HD-DVD/BluRay media, a HD-DVD or BluRay compliant drive is required.
AnyDVD HD required Windows 98 as the minimum OS for standard DVDs.
For HD decryption / ripping the minimum OS is Windows 2000 (latest SP).
PC Player software usually requires Windows XP SP2 as the minumum OS.

6.1.8.4 2007 10 11 ChangeLogs:
New (DVD): New "AI Scanner(tm)" copy protection removal
New (DVD): Added support for new copy protections
New (DVD): CSS brute force cracking (region code mismatch) works now much better with Arccos/RipGuard/ProtectDVD/FluxDVD protected discs
New (DVD): UDF remastering of .IFO and .BUP files
New (HD DVD & Blu-ray): Support for new titles
New: Automatic creation of .zip files containing IFO files and other useful debug information in the user's "My Documents" folder, if "Enable Logging" is enabled in AnyDVD program's settings.
Fix (DVD) AnyDVD ripper could complain, that the destination directory has insufficient space
Fix (HD DVD & Blu-ray): Large I/O requests could cause the
"Magic File Replacement(tm)" to malfunction
Fix: Integrity check could issue a false alarm
Some minor fixes and improvements
Updated languages