HL 2 Retail need i say more!? Guess i do. Retail is store version.

Install Notes: 

 1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent 
 2. Burn with Nero Burning ROM, CDRWin or equivalent. 
 3. Install the game. 
 4. Use our fully automated installer found in the /VENGEANCE/ directory 
     on CD5, hl2install.exe, to apply all necessary cracks and make the 
     needed shortcuts on your desktop. 
 5. Play by double clicking the "Half-Life 2" shortcut found on your 
     desktop. 

 *NOTES* 

   At last a 100% functional and automated retail release of the most 
   anticipated sequel in PC games history. 

   As you have been struggling with the 101 fixes for the EMPORiO releases 
   of this fantastic game, we have been working diligently to bring you 
   this quality release which is deserved for a title of such magnitude. 

   Not only does this version work, it works FASTER, giving you a much 
   better gameplay experience.  Through a custom built Steam emulator, 
   Vengeance allows you to play Half-Life 2 the way it is meant to be 
   played. Files are directly streamed from the Valve Game Cache Files (GCF), 
   allowing any Source Engine game to be played identical to the official 
   Valve Steam Client.  This means that you don't need to run Steam to play. 

   You can expect much shorter loading times and much smoother gameplay, 
   without the need to tweak config files or to mess around with the AI Node 
   Graph Rebuilds. Oh and did we mention, you dont have to extract 30,000+ 
   fragmented files to play? 

   With patience and due time, we have recreated the installation CABs with 
   the decrypted GCF files (resulting in smaller CD sizes) and modified the 
   original installer to recognize the new CABs to allow for a fully 
   autmoated installation.  Combined with our hl2install to apply the cracks, 
   extract the minimal essential game files and create the necessary 
   shortcuts, Vengeance has finally brought to you a no-hassle, no-bullshit, 
   fully working and unprecedented release of Half-Life 2. 

 *NOTE* 
 
   Online play has been disabled, so buy this excellent title if you want to 
   play online. Valve deserves it.