Introduction 

Have you ever been limited to the videotape format? Especially when you really wanted to share films with your family and friends.
WinAVI Video Converter can help you solve your problems! 
It is a software program for converting video formats at fast speeds and high quality. 
WinAVI Video Converter supports almost all formats of video including :
AVI, MPEG1/2/4, VCD/SVCD/DVD, 
DivX, XVid, ASF, WMV, RM, 
QuickTime MOV, and Flash SWF. 

Features

WinAVI Video Converter is software for video conversion. By using our product, users are released from the limitations and difficulties of video formats. It can support almost all formats of video including AVI, MPEG1/2/4, VCD/SVCD/DVD, DivX, XVid, ASF, WMV, RM, QuickTime MOV, Flash SWF. Also, it allows you to burn to VCD/SVCD/DVD. A powerful AV compress engine can complete a whole AVI movie conversion and burn it to DVD just in 1 hour. You can enjoy the film with your home & PC DVD Player.

AVI to DVD 
AVI to MPEG 
AVI to VCD 
AVI to MPG 
Flash SWF conversion 
It can convert all formats to MPEG1/2, VCD, SVCD, and DVD and burn to VCD, SVCD, or DVD disc. 
It can convert all video formats to AVI/WMV/RM/ASF/Divx/Xvid 
QuickTime MOV conversion. 
Real DVD Navigator encoder included. 
DirectAC3 technology supports AC3 5.1, which is state of the art technology. It is up to 20% faster with AVI files including AC3 audio. 
Real Dolby AC3 audio encoder included. 
Burning VCD/SVCD/DVD. 
Stunning video and audio quality. 
User-friendly interface that is easy to use. 
Has the option to preview the video in real-time. 
Has the option to automatically shutdown your computer when the conversion has been completed. 
Why choose WinAVI Video Converter?

 High speed

WinAVI Video Converter includes ZJMedia's AV compress engine, which is state of the art technology. The high speed saves a lot of time for you to enjoy your digital life. Below are the test results for the amount of time it will take to convert a movie into a different format.

 
 
 High quality video and Dolby AC3 5.1 audio

The state of the art AV compress engine will give you a very fast conversion that gives you both high quality video and Dolby AC3 5.1 audio! With WinAVI Video Converter, you will get a perfectly converted movie that is as good as the original! 

 
 
 Supports almost all popular format conversions
WinAVI Video Converter supports almost all popular formats including AVI/DVD/VCD/SVCD/MPEG1/MPEG2, even WMV/RM/ASF/DivX/Xvid and QuickTime MOV and even the popular Flash SWF on the internet. 

 
 
 With just one click to convert
The interface of WinAVI Video Converter has been designed to be user-friendly and can be easily operated by anyone. All a user needs to do is click on the menu and all the options of the program are available to you. All conversions can be done easily and smoothly. WinAVI Video Converter is easy to use for the beginner as well as having advanced functions for the professional user. You can start to use it now and receive unlimited enjoyment from your digital life.

 
 
