It is May 1, 2017, 12:51 p.m. Without warning or explanation, seven people
  are suddenly trapped at a depth of 167 feet in the Marine Sea Park "LeMU."
  Water, air and food are in short supply, and LeMU's protective bulkhead can
  only withstand the pressure of the water for 119 hours. To top it off,
  there's a mysterious virius in the sea outside. Time is running out!

  The bonds among the seven people trapped under the ocean grow stronger as
  they fight to find a way to escape and survive the danger that threatens
  them. These are bonds of friendship, and bonds of love. But time waits for
  no one and the zero hour slowly, steadily approaches. With a climax that
  packs the ultimate in surprises, what could happen? Who will survive the
  crisis?

  A great new interactive PC game that offers the ultimate in suspense, now
  available in English. In this unique love-sim, each of the female
  characters has a unique set of circumstances that develop through five
  scenarios that you, the player, try to unravel as one of the two
  protagonists. To solve the game's puzzle romance is essential, and more
  specifically, if you succeed in realizing romance with one of the other
  characters, you will move a step closer to solving one part of the game.
  Only after succeeding at completing all of the five complex game scenarios
  will a player be able to savor a sense of having succeeded at this unique
  story-based simulation game.

  This game is called a "love story," but the goal of the player is not to
  find love with one of the female characters. The true objective is to
  attain an understanding of the entire scenario of the game and explore the
  possibilities with each character. How can you escape? Who will be
  sacrificed? The story develops based on the choices you make as you proceed
  through it. Your decisions dictate a unique story scenario for your
  character and the others who are trapped underwater with you. What will be
  your fate?