
Metamorphosis: A Trialogue on Chaos and the World Soul

Width x Height: 640x480 XviD
Duration: 1:14:43
Bit rate - audio format: 96kbps - mp3
Size: 553mb


"The key is surrender and a dissolution of boundaries, dissolution of the ego and a trust in the love of the Goddess which transcends rational understanding. There will come a moment which will be an absolute leap into space, and we will simply have to have the faith that there is something waiting there, because the dominator style has left us no choice."



Prepare for an evening of intellectual stimulation as three men, Rupert Sheldrake, Ralph Abraham and Terence McKenna, lead viewers into a discussion on chaos theory and "the world soul."

Mixing conventional disciplines with branches of cutting-edge science -- and stirring in some New Age mysticism for good measure -- this threesome feeds virgin minds morphogenesis, mathematics, shamanism and ethnophamacology, and savor the potentially awesome effects such a concoction will probably yield.

This eclectic stew results in a feast that purports to connect humanity within the larger framework of the cosmos!


"We sit in the evening and talk and what happens is synergistic, miraculous, growth, evolutionary... I mean thrilling because of going to the edge, going beyond the edge, having company there." -- Ralph Abraham < http://www.ralph-abraham.org/ >

"The flutter of the moth's wing can trigger the hurricane. This is not a poetic statement. This is the fact of the matter within this kind of description of nature. In other words, very small changes create cascades into where whole states shift and are perturbed." -- Terence McKenna < http://deoxy.org/mckenna.htm >

"We dream of a world in which nature is seen as alive, in which the imagination permeates all reality, in which animals and plants are seen as a part of the living texture, the living components, the cells in the life of Gaia and Gaia in the life of the cosmos as a whole." -- Rupert Sheldrake < http://www.sheldrake.org/ >


Additional credits: Marty Schrank (videotape); David Fox (executive producer); Morgan Harris (visualizations); Rhana Harris (computer animation) and Gabrielle Roth & The Mirrors (music).

A Hither Hills/Mystic Fire video production from 1995.


** You can purchase this video as well as check out Mystic Fire's catalogue, which includes many similar videos (including Joseph Campbell's "The Power of Myth" series), from their website: http://www.mysticfire.com ** 