Part 10

Another part of this online animation festival. I added Yuri Norstein's Hedgehog in the Fog. He's one of the best animations artists ever, and has been very influential throughout his career, not only on russian animations, but japanese artists as well. I didn't include any of his animations in earlier versions, but might add his masterpiece Tale of Tales in the next torrent I make. A second major russion animator, Aleksander Petrov, has made the Hemmingway novel The Old Man and the Sea in a beautiful animation. Each frame was made using slow-drying oil paints upon a back-lit glass "canvass." With his fingers, Director Aleksandr Petrov manipulated the oils between frames and photographed the results, then gently molding the oils for the next frame to repeat the process. The short won an oscar in 2000, and although this big version increases the download size of this torrent substantially, I thought it would be worth it. Ever watched a Monty Python movie and wondered who made the animations in them? Well, it's Terry Gilliam, and Storytime shows how clearly he contributed to the Monty Python humor and more importantly, the visuals of Monty Python movies (it was made before he joined Monty Python). In the short Mindscape, Drouin creates a beautiful short using a pinscreen: small pins which can be pressed up or down, and when the whole is lit from the side, light and dark area's are visible. Developped by Alexandre Alexeieff in the 20's, Drouin mastered this techinque and put in and unbelievable amount of time to create this gem. As an ode to independent film making, I included the classic Bambi Meets Godzilla (in 1969, before we had YouTube, this was all you needed for world fame). L'homme aux bras ballants is a nice black and white short (similar in feel and speed to Overtime in part 9) created by Gordiard, who was also one of the animators working on The Cat and the Moon (Part 5). Tyger by Guilherme Marcondes is one of the most interesting shorts I've seen in a while, I really loved it. There are some animators also included in earlier editions with other work (Chris Landreth, Michaela Pavlatova, Ryan Larkin), one of the oldest animations ever (by Cohl), a nice experimental short by Hebert inspired by simple mathemmatics, and a short by a cool young animator Arthur de Pins whose movies are doing really well on international festivals. Part 11 is almost done as well, and will be online shortly. As always, have some patience with the download, I'm not online that often, but will share this torrent for months. Thanks for those writing nice things about these torrents on their blogs. 