Additional libraries for MathCAD 13

Installation:
  Unpack every archive to MathCAD 13 folder
  ( usually "C:\Program Files\Mathsoft\Mathcad 13\" )

Run:
  Libraries could be executed from MathCAD menu "Help"->"eBooks"

Thanks:
  Thanks to my dear admins of Adeptscience,Inc. for their hard work. 
  This is a third distib they allowed me to hack.
  Also I have to say thanks to Juliette, who decided to go to bed early,
  giving me a chance to work freely ;)

Description:
  Additional libraries for MathCAD 13.
    Mathsoft Civil Engineering library
    Mathsoft Electrical Engineering library
    Mathsoft Mechanical Engineering library
    Mathsoft ODE Solve Blocks handbook
    Mathsoft Solving and Optimisation Extension Pack

  The Civil Engineering Library combines the encyclopedic Roark's 
  Formulas for Stress and Strain with easy-to-adapt structural design 
  templates and examples of thermal design problems. Because these are 
  delivered electronically for use within Mathcad, you can apply these 
  resources every day with ease. Explanatory text and examples give you 
  detailed background and guidance along with the equations. 

  Three best selling Mathcad Electronic Books are packaged together to 
  deliver over 130 sections that cover key areas in electrical engineering.
  These titles have been entirely updated with a new interface and added 
  features that take advantage of Mathcad's new calculation and browsing 
  capabilities. Because they are delivered electronically for use within 
  Mathcad, you can apply these resources everyday with ease. And explanatory
  text and examples give you detailed background and guidance when you 
  want it. Electronic Titles in the Library:
   # Electrical & Electronic Engineering from Hicks'
   # Electrical Power Systems Engineering
   # Topics in Mathcad: Electrical Engineering 
  
  The Mechanical Engineering Library combines three classic mechanical 
  references: Roark's Formulas for Stress and Strain, Hick's formulas, 
  and an interactive introduction to the finite element method. Because 
  these e-books are delivered electronically for use within Mathcad, you 
  can apply these resources every day with ease. Explanatory text and 
  examples give you detailed background and guidance when you want it. 
  
  Mathsoft Differential Equation Solve Blocks: ODEs and DAEs.
  These example worksheets demonstrate improvements and expansions to 
  the functionality of ordinary differential equation solve blocks and 
  tips for solving ODEs in Mathcad 13.
  
  The Solving & Optimization Extension Pack delivers the most powerful 
  solving technology available for Mathcad, enabling you to handle even 
  the most complex problems in engineering, finance, operations research 
  and manufacturing. With this comprehensive tool, you get the expanded 
  capabilities required to solve optimization problems, linear and 
  non-linear systems of equations, and linear, quadratic and mixed integer
  programming problems. Upon installing the Solving & Optimization 
  Extension Pack, Mathcad's problem-solving capacity is automatically 
  extended to handle hundreds of additional constraints and variables.
  In addition, this extension pack includes a variety of pre-made 
  templates, which you can quickly and easily apply to your own work.  
