Wouldn't it be great if your iPod or MP3 Player could play music from online radio stations or
music subscription services? It can with Replay Music!

Replay Music is a unique streaming music recorder that captures MP3 files from any streaming
source. Every song is saved on your PC as a high quality MP3 file, automatically tagged with the
artist, song title, album and genre, and perfectly separated into individual tracks. You can even
burn songs directly to CDs, or copy them to your iPod or MP3 Player. Plus, it's incredibly easy to
use. What a great way to discover new music!


Replay Music records MP3s, recognizes each song, and automatically adds the artist, song title,
album and genre to each MP3 file. How cool is that!

What's Different about Replay Music? Unlike other recorders which just work with a few ShoutCast
stations, Replay Music is the only product that works with both high quality online radio stations
and popular subscription music services.

Easy-to-use Music Recorder

With just one click, only Replay Music can record streaming music from these popular services and
more:

Napster? 
Rh------? 
Music M----? 
Yah-- La----? 
AccuRadio? 
(Legal note: Replay Music is not affiliated with any of these services, nor do we encourage
violating any license agreements. We offer this list only for compatibility purposes.)

Tags Songs Automatically

Only Replay Music can automatically tag your recorded MP3s. Using proprietary song recognition
technology, Replay Music identifies each song after it's recorded, and adds the artist, song title,
album and genre information to each MP3 file. Not only can you record, but now you know what you're
listening to!

Precise Track Splitting

Replay Music sports the most sophisticated track splitting algorithms on the planet. Besides just
recording and tagging, each MP3 file contains the entire song -- no more, no less. Other recording
programs may chop off the start or end of the song, or add unwanted noise.




