Franz Joseph Haydn (1732 - 1809)

6 masses CD 1/3

conductor John Eliot Gardiner - the Monteverdi Choir & the English baroque soloists

1. Mass in B flat major, H 22 no 14 "Harmoniemesse"
Joanne Lunn (Soprano)
Sara Mingardo (Alto)
Topi Lehtipuu (Tenor)
Brindley Sherratt (Bass)
Angharad Gruffydd Jones (Soprano)
Andrew Busher (Tenor)

2. Missa Sancti Bernardi von Offida, H 22 no 10 "Heiligmesse"
Joanne Lunn (Soprano)
Sara Mingardo (Alto)
Topi Lehtipuu (Tenor)
Brindley Sherratt (Bass)
Angharad Gruffydd Jones (Soprano)
Elinor Carter (Alto)
Julian Clarkson (Bass)

John Eliot Gardiner's new recording of the last two Haydn Masses finds us at the end of the process: the composer in 

his late 60s full of spiritual optimism, and with the tools to express it in the most imaginative fashion. But it 

didn't come without effort; apparently the Harmoniemesse caused Haydn such difficulty he wrote to Prince Esterhazy 

that he was labouring wearily at it. You'd never guess; it's an exhilarating journey that contrasts serene 

contemplation with moments of jaw-dropping splendour as the full complement of wind and brass are brought to 

bear...not by accident is this known as the wind-band mass.

Gardiner's performances have tremendous drive and energy, yet he knows how to slow the pulse and allow his soloists 

to shine in the quieter moments. The soloists are superb, well-chosen voices offering plenty of contrast, and 

soprano Joanne Lunn is particularly impressive - a clean, fresh, boyish tone that soars easily and effectively over 

choir and orchestra.

The Monteverdi Choir is known for its precision, and given Gardiner's fast speeds, they exult in the chance to show 

their skill, with tremendous energy and clarity. Driven like this the climaxes are truly thrilling, blazing with 

brass, and you're left in absolutely no doubt as to Haydn's true greatness. Apparently this is the first of three 

recordings from Gardiner and co., covering all six late masses. If the others are anything like as involving they'll 

go straight to the top of the heap...which is where this first instalment's waiting for them.


EAC ----> lame MP3 encoder @ 320 kbps vbr

enjoy & ....... please seed it ^^