Ash Ra Tempel
Schwingungen/Seven Up (1972)@256kbps
including artwork

2 albums on one CD
Schwingungen:
1.	Light- Look At Your Sun	(6.12)
2.	Darkness- Flowers Must Die (11.50)
3.	Suche & Liebe (18.57)
Seven Up (w/ Timothy Leary)	
4.	Space (16.02)	
5.	Time (21.36)
	
Ash Ra Tempel's second album featured the first of several personnel 
changes, Klaus Schulze having departed for other realms and replaced as 
a result by Wolfgang Muller. A few guest players surfaced here and there 
as well, with one John L. taking the lead vocals -- another difference 
from the self-titled debut, which was entirely instrumental. 
The general principle of side-long efforts continued, though the 
first half was split into two related songs, "Light" and "Darkness." 
"Light" itself sounded halfway between the zoned-out exploration 
of "Traummaschine" and bluesy jamming, a weird if not totally discordant combination that still manages to sound more out there than most bands 
of the time. Gottsching's fried solo, in particular, is great, sending 
the rest of the song out to silence that leads into "Darkness." 
Said song initially takes a far more minimal approach that bears 
even more resemblance to "Traummaschine," fading out almost entirely 
by the third minute before a full band performance (including Uli 
Popp on bongos and Matthais Wehler's sudden alto sax bursts) slowly 
builds into a frenetic jam. John L.'s vocals become echoed screams and 
yelps not far off from Damo Suzuki's approach in Can, and the overall 
performance is a perfect slice of Krautrock insanity, sudden swirls of 
flanging and even more on-the-edge solos from Gottsching and Wehler 
sending it over the top. "Suche & Liebe" takes up the entire second side, 
the performers this time around concentrating on the quiet but unsettling approach, Gottsching's massive soloing kept low in the mix but not so much 
that it doesn't freak out listeners. The song concludes on an almost conventionally pretty band jam, something that could almost be Meddle-era 
Pink Floyd, only with even a more haunting, alien air thanks to the wordless vocal keening.

Even with the presence of special guest Timothy Leary, Seven Up sticks to 
its predecessor's penchant for bizarre, bluesy psychedelia on the first 
side while the second takes off into the deepest realms of space rock. 
Fans of Leary may be a bit surprised, since he's but one of the five 
voices sprinkled throughout the album and sounds more like a poor man's 
Eric Burdon than an acid visionary might on tracks like 
"Right Hand Lover," "Downtown," and "Power Drive." Side two consists 
of three drawn-out space jams that conclude with a rushing of air quite 
close to a vacuum cleaner. Except for the last bit, Seven Up is not quite 
the meeting of minds that acid and Kraut fans expected.

(allmusic.com reviews)