Hello All! I\'m sorry I am so late. I went out of town to visit some relatives and I did not have access to the internet while I was gone. I uploaded this torrent as soon as I got the free time after getting back. I hope you C2C freaks out there aren\'t too mad at me. Here are 11 broadcasts for you all to Download, SEED, and Enjoy! Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to all! Stokeman Out! Until next time.....

Saturday December 15th, 2007
Secret Societies Through The Ages
Live from England, Lynn Picknett and Clive Prince, authors of The Sion Revelation discussed their research into Secret Societies. The duo talked about their investigation into the Priory of Sion, saying the popular notion of the organization is... 
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): Clive Prince, Lynn Picknett, A.J. Jacobs

Sunday December 16th, 2007
Secrecy, UFOs & Disclosure
Attorney and activist Daniel Sheehan joined host George Knapp (email) for a discussion on secrecy and disclosure, with a particular emphasis on UFOs. Sheehan said he is involved with John Edwards\' presidential campaign, and as part of that, he is working... 
Host: George Knapp
Guest(s): Daniel Sheehan, Christopher O\'Brien

Monday December 17th, 2007
Near Death Experiencers
Near-Death Experience researcher for over 30 years, P.M.H. Atwater shared her explanation for NDEs, and discussed case studies and personal experiences. She reported that as many as 4 to 5% of the population may undergo an NDE-- a consciousness apart... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): P. M. H. Atwater, Jim Berkland

Tuesday December 18th, 2007
Expanding Consciousness
David Sereda discussed his pathway to expanded consciousness, as well as his new film The Voice, which explores how spirituality, religion and science are merging together into a single place. In the film, Dr. Roger Nelson, of the Princeton Global Consciousness... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): David B. Sereda

Wednesday December 19th, 2007
Evolution & The Mayan Calendar
International teacher Barbara Hand Clow discussed her new book on the Mayan Calendar which incorporates scientist Carl Johan Calleman\'s concepts on time acceleration. According to Calleman, the calendar tracks 16.4 billion years of evolution via \"nine...
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Barbara Hand Clow, Jerome Corsi, Nick Redfern

Thursday December 20th, 2007
Generational Cycles
Guest host John B. Wells (email) welcomed historian and speaker Neil Howe, who discussed his work on generations, as well as the twenty year cycle of crisis now facing the U.S. He identified different types of generations that tend to repeat in the... 
Host: John B. Wells
Guest(s): Neil Howe, Roy Varghese

Friday December 21st, 2007
Open Lines & A World With No Humans
Filling in for George, Ian Punnett hosted an evening of Open Lines. Sarah in New York played a reverse speech audio clip from Ian\'s 10/6/07 chat with Jon Jefferson, author of Beyond the Body Farm. According to Sarah, when part of Jefferson\'s interview... 
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): Open Lines, Alan Weisman

Saturday December 22nd, 2007
John Lennon & Rock and Roll Stories
Bill Harry, the founder of Mersey Beat magazine and one of John Lennon\'s best friends, joined author R. Gary Patterson to discuss Lennon, reports that he is composing songs in the afterlife and channeling them through psychics, as well as mystical occurrences...
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): Bill Harry, R. Gary Patterson, Lauren Weinstein

Sunday December 23rd, 2007
The Impact of NDEs
President of the International Association for Near-Death Studies (iands.org), Yolaine Stout joined Rollye James for a discussion on Near-Death Experiences (NDEs). Stout described her own NDE, which occurred to her in 1982 when she was an atheist. The... 
Host: Rollye James
Guest(s): Yolaine Stout, Vicki Noratuk

Monday December 24th, 2007
Christmas Eve Special
George Noory\'s Christmas Eve Special featured several guests, plus a couple of surprise visits. In the first hour, researcher Stanton Friedman commented on the UK Ministry of Defence\'s plan to release secret UFO files. He was wary of expecting too... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Stanton Friedman, Joseph Jacobs, Michael Gear, Kathleen Gear, Billy Gibbons, Lionel Fanthorpe, Richard C. Hoagland

Tuesday December 25th, 2007
The Christmas \'Miracle\' Show
This special Christmas Night Open Lines program featured callers sharing their miracle stories, along with some surprise greetings. A woman told a tale of an angelic encounter, in which control of her steering wheel was taken over, helping her avert... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Open Lines, Dannion Brinkley