MUST HAVE if you are using Windows Vista!!!!!!

Author and Playback AVCHD and Blu-ray (BD-AV)  
Compatible with SecurDisc? technology for ultimate data protection  
 
Nero MediaHome now with enhanced Xbox 360? streaming capabilities  
Capture, edit and watch HD Video  
Designed for Windows Vista? ? enjoy Nero?s software applications with improved graphics and the streamlined features made possible with the Microsoft Vista operating system 
Copy to disk with just one click using the new Nero DiscCopy Gadget 
Watch and record live TV

Photos and Video---
Easily capture video from digital cameras, camcorders, video capture/
TV tunercards and other devices
 
Enhanced Support for HDV cameras
 
Easy creation of CD and DVD movie discs: Support for all common
formats such asVCD, SVCD, Mini-DVD, DVD-Video, DVD?VR
 
Create Hollywood-style DVDs with 2D and animated 3D menu templates
 
Backup DVD9 to DVD5: add new content, chapters & keep subtitles
 
Support for all popular media formats including Nero Digital? (MPEG-4)
 
Compress to fit Mobile, PDAs, Home Theater and HDTV standards
 
Capture, edit and export High-Definition (HD) video files
 
Supports Dolby 5.1 channel encoding
 
Combine photos & videos into entertaining musical slideshows
 
Auto-fit multiple background soundtracks (MP3, WAV, Nero Digital?)
 
Easy photo editing tools: red-eye correction, crop, rotate, and much more!
 
Browse customized image and video directories with quick search options
 
Burn to DVD, SVCD and VCD or export to video file for sharing
 
Stream media files across any UPnP? compatible devices
 
Free personalized website to share your photos & slideshows
 
Full MP3 and mp3Pro Support
 
Backup your DVDs & encode your video files to iPod┬½ and PSP?
 
Enhanced templates for video and slideshow projects plus music timing features help give your multimedia creations new depth and professionalism 


Audio---
Now Supporting Audible┬½ Files
 
Rip audio CDs and create music mixes for your MP3s
 
Amazing sound quality with AAC & High Efficiency AAC (MPEG-4)
 
Convert favorite LPs and Tapes to CDs without pops and cracks
 
Create custom Playlists by artist, genre and title
 
Mix and Edit your music like a DJ with multiple audio tracks
 
Up to 7.1 recording, editing and mixing for HQ mastering
 
Convert your audio files to your preferred format to take on the go
 
Record, edit, remix and remaster your music like the professionals do
 
Add audio effects to any track 
