[img]http://www.lafactoriadelritmo.com/fact15/discos/avala.jpg[/i

mg]

Tracklist

01. Lucero
02. Cien veces
03. Niño
04. Jamás
05. Alborada
06. El viejo torreón
07. Del cielo a la tierra
08. Los poetas han muerto
09. Madre tierra
10. Ecos de vida

Line-up:

Vocals: Ramón Lage
Guitars: Alberto Rionda
Guitars: Dany León
Bass: Fran Fidalgo
Drums: Marco Álvarez

Genre: Progressive Heavy metal
Country: Spain
Released in: 2003
Cover: Luis Royo
Length: 59:17
Keys: Roberto Junquera

Bitrate 224Kbps
Incluye las tapas

[quote]2003 was crucial for Alberto Rionda: Avalanch, the band he 

plays and composes for (and is also the producer), experienced 

many changes, and this was the first album introducing Ramón Lage 

as the voice of the band, instead of Víctor García, and Marco 

Álvarez instead of Alberto Ardines (both founded the band 

WarCry). Those changes occured after the acclaim album El Angél 

Caído (The Fallen Angel) was released in 2001, awaiting a 

follower to confirm Avalanch as one of the most influential 

Spanish band ever.
Back with a new line-up, a new logo, Avalanch was ready to 

present their new effort called Los Poetas Han Muerto (Poets Have 

Died).
The great cover by Luis Royo is just the reflection of the music: 

great songs filled with creativity, emotions, power, in a very 

well structured way: a high class album ranging somewhere between 

hard rock, heavy, progressive and maybe a bit of power metal. 

Great lyrics, intelligent and worth a bunch of poems, supported 

by great vocals, featuring Andre Matos (Shaman) in the song Del 

cielo a la tierra (literally From the sky to the ground, or 

Heaven and Earth) that transmit a kind of force to the songs, 

making them all catchy and meaningful.
The music in itself is not outstanding, I mean, it’s not just 

some musicians showing up, no this album is not about that. It's 

loud when it needs to be loud, soft when it needs to be soft, and 

so are the solos, not present just to illustrate a sudden 

outburst in one’s hands but to give depth, to add melody to the 

songs. All the songs are composed in a very clever way, and 

produced the same way.
The only problem I can find is in the length of some songs. They 

aren’t very long, something like 6 minutes on average, but maybe 

some songs would have been more effective if shortened by 20 to 

40 seconds.
I know some of you may say: “Oh yeah, it sounds really worth my 

money, but… they sing in Spanish, and I know nothing of Spanish!” 

To that I say: “It’s time to learn!” But I could also say that by 

the time I’m writing this review, they’re about to release an 

English version, called “Mother Earth”, featuring a cover of U2’s 

Where The Streets Have No Name.
I haven’t heard this English version, but knowing Alberto Rionda 

is a kind of genius when it comes to his band I bet you can all 

rush to your music store and look for it, or order it, or at 

least check the few mp3s available at their website.
All in all you just have to discover the amazing work of 

Avalanch!
I’d like to end this review with the introduction Alberto wrote 

for the song by song of this album, available on their website:
“Siempre he creído que el principio y el fin de una letra es la 

intención de transmitir un sentimiento, una creencia, una 

experiencia, una idea... Algo muy simple puede ser muy complicado 

de expresar, y algo complejo puede llegar a transmitirse con una 

sola palabra. No es una ciencia exacta, pero creo que si la 

intención del autor queda claramente reflejada en ella, y alguien 

es capaz de captarla y de interpretarla, entonces podemos afirmar 

que se ha producido un pequeño milagro en ese complejo ecosistema 

corazón/mente/alma…”
I’ve always thought that the beginning and the end of a lyric is 

the will to transmit a feeling, a belief, an experience, an 

idea... Something very simple can be very difficult to express, 

and something complex may be transmitted by one single word only. 

It’s not an exact science, but I think that if the author’s will 

is clearly reflected in it, and if someone is able to capture and 

interpret it, then we can say that a small miracle has happened 

in this complex ecosystem heart/mind/soul…
Alberto Rionda[/quote]