FlashBoot is a tool to create bootable USB disks, USB               ÛÛ 
 ²²     Flash Memory keys and cards mainly. What are the                    ²² 
 °°     benefits of such devices for you? Let's see: unlike the             °° 
        most bootable medias, bootable USB Flash keys are                      
        very handy: compared to floppies, they have much                       
        bigger size, speed and reliability, compared to                        
        CD-ROMs, they are random write access devices, so                      
        you can backup your data to the same media where you                   
        booted from, without need to reformat (reburn) the entire              
        media. Again, the cost per megabyte for them continues                 
        to cut down, which is not the case for CD-ROMs and                     
        floppies.                                                              
                                                                               
        And the most important thing is that you can use                       
        bootable USB Flash Disk almost everywhere, on any                      
        PC that has USB port. Are you going to repair your PC                  
        at your work without CD-ROMs, floppies or other                        
        media? No problems anymore. Or you have a laptop but                   
        without a CD-ROM drive? Even if with a CD-ROM                          
        drive, you can't work with it for a long time: boot device             
        is accessed quite often, and battery power is obviously                
        not enough to supply laser for a long time. Perhaps you                
        are home user with a desktop PC. And you are ready to                  
        repair it with your favorite bootable CD-ROM, OK. But                  
        what if CD-ROM drive fails? Will you be able to boot or                
        to get your backup data back?                                          
                                                                               
        With bootable USB Flash Memory key, you may boot                       
        every PC with USB ports, regardless of non-present or                  
        broken devices, because there's no need for any extra                  
        devices. You don't have a media size limit of 700 or 800               
        MB anymore, and buy a big or a small disk depending                    
        on your needs. Just after boot, on every PC, you may                   
        save your files to the same device from which you                      
        booted, or restore them back. There's no need to                       
        reformat (reburn) the boot disk, you just copy files and               
        folders, and there's no need for extra hardware for such               
        operations. Of course you may do some things you can't                 
        do under your OS: copy/modify system files (they are                   
        busy when OS is running), reinstall OS, repartition your               
        main hard disk etc.                                                    
                                                                               
        FlashBoot is a tool that makes USB disks bootable. It                  
        was specially designed to work with USB Flash devices.                 
        It is used to reformat flash disk (that's optional) and                
        transfer system files to it. You have many options for                 
        your choice:                                                           
                                                                               
        convert BartPE bootable CD-ROM to bootable USB disk                    
        transfer DOS kernel only (you may get the files from                   
        installed Windows 9x, from Windows 9x setup folder, or                 
        use built-in FreeDOS)                                                  
        convert floppy disk to USB Flash disk (a diskette or an                
        image file may be used)                                                
        convert a bootable CD-ROM to USB Flash disk (again                     
        images are supported). There are some technical                        
        difficulties with supporting any type of CD-ROM here,                  
        see details below. But there should be no troubles with                
        the most real cases. You may convert Knoppix and                       
        EBCD, for instance.                                                    
        create Windows NT/2000/XP password recovery disk                       
        create disk with NT/2000/XP bootloader. It would be                    
        useful when you have mistakenly configured it, and                     
        boot.ini file was left on unreachable disk (NTFS).                     
        duplicate USB flash disk. Just creates a copy of existing              
        disk USB flash disk, different sizes of source and                     
        destination medias are OK.                                             
        Types of convertible CD-ROMs include so-called                         
        1.44-floppy emulation bootable CD-ROMs and                             
        no-emulation CD-ROMs based on ISOLinux.                                
                                                                               
        FlashBoot is designed to be compatible with all types of               
        bootable USB Flash disks, i.e. it is not binded to                     
        Transend, Kingston, HP, or to any other particular                     
        manufacturer of USB Flash disks.                                       
                                                                               
        FlashBoot is designed to be compatible with most of the                
        BIOSes. Some of them require USB disk to be                            
        partitioned (USB-HDD mode), some of them require                       
        superfloppy format (USB-ZIP mode). You may choose                      
        disk format type between partitioned disk and                          
        superfloppy, when formatting your USB Flash disk with                  
        FlashBoot (if you choose to reformat). You may write                   
        the output to image file, transfer it to another PC and                
        write it to physical device there (either with FlashBoot or            
        with any other suitable tool, for example, with Linux dd               
        command).                                                              
                                                             http://www.prime-expert.com/flashboot