Naughty North London (British Amateurs)



Covers: 
http://www.imageblues.com/show.php/345_CoversBANNL.jpg.html


Screens: 
http://www.imageblues.com/show.php/346_NaughtyNorthLondon.jpg.html



Run Time 63 mins 
Size 849.37 MB (890,624,000 bytes) 
Resolution 608 x 432 px 
Format:  .avi

Description:

In the first scene amateur housewife Tanya is in her bedroom in a little black dress awaiting the attentions of professional stud Simon (here called Steve) and Tanya's unnamed husband. The guys soon have Tanya's dress and pants off, leaving just black stockings and suspenders and Simon fucks her in missionary, followed by doggy and spoons. Tanya keeps husband's cock in her hand or mouth through most of the action which pauses when Simon cums over Tanya's shaven pussy. After a little finger fucking Tanya takes hubby's cock in doggy then Simon again in missionary which leads to her having some obviously genuine and very noisy orgasms. Tanya then pleads for, and gets, two good facials. Scene dates from the late 90's and is Tanya's only listed scene apart from the Peephow Special with Omar. 

Ruta and her boyfriend are in a run-of-the mill hotel room to have sex in front of the camera. Slim and with long dark hair, Ruta is very good looking and she is soon stripped to her bra and black stockings by her boyfriend, who wore just a pair of boxers to start with. Fine deep fucking in most positons on the big double bed with Ruta crying out her appreciation. Ends with cumshot over pussy. Scene looks like a one-off with a girl who could easily have become a star in the business. 

Mel is at home with her husband, another guy and Omar Williams. Mel starts the scene in jeans and sleeveless top but these are quickly removed and replaced by three pairs of wandering hands. No sooner does Mel bend over to take Omar's cock in her mouth than one of the others has his cock in her pussy. The threeway action moves from the sofa to a futon where Mel tries a cowgirl with her husband and Omar deep up her bum. More deep anal from Omar in doggy is followed by all three guys shooting over Mel's face and tits. One of Mel's best scenes. 





For more TPB-torrents with DIRECT screens : 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens





.