Just what the title says This is a perfectly working version. Enjoy

The Dyno2000 is a Windows95/98 and WindowsNT/2000/XP, 32-bit program based

on the Filling-And-Emptying method of engine power simulation. We chose this family of mathematical models because of their excellent power prediction accuracy and fast processing times. The Dyno2000 is a full-cycle simulation. This means that it calculates the complete

fluid-dynamic, thermodynamic, and frictional conditions that exist inside each cylinder throughout the entire 720 degrees of the four-cycle process.





You will find that many other simulation programs on the market (even a few that sell for several times the price of the Dyno2000) are not true

engine simulations. Rather, they calculate the volumetric efficiency (VE) and then derive an estimate of torque and horsepower. There are many shortcomings to this technique. The two greatest drawbacks are: 1) since cylinder pressure is not determined, it is impossible to predict the pressure on the exhaust valve and the subsequent mass flow through

the port when the exhaust valve opens, and 2) the inability to  accurately determine the pumping horsepower (energy needed to move gasses into and out of the engine) from the predicted horsepower.

Since the Dyno2000 incorporates both filling-and-emptying and full-cycle modeling that includes frictional and pumping-loss calculations, extensive computation is required for each power point. In fact, the program performs several million calculations at each 500rpm test point on the power curve (a full power-curve simulation

consists of 27 test points). This in-depth analysis offers  unprecedented accuracy over a vast range of engines. The Dyno2000 has been successfully used to model single-cylinder ?lawn mower? engines, light aircraft engines, automotive engines, modern Pro Stock drag-racing powerplants, and multi-thousand horsepower supercharged,

nitrous-oxide injected ?mountain motors.?



Extract, Install, Copy to install folder, and ...



Enjoy!!