Flower Tucci, Sammie Rhodes, Missy Monroe, Angelica Stone, Tiana Lynn 

Scene 1 (Size: 299 MB - Length: 24:20 min) 
Flower Tucci and Tiana Lynn are showing off their sexy outfits and Flower is wearing a buttplug. A guy joins and the girls share his cock like a lollipop. They play with Flower's plug then she gets fucked first and also squirts first. Tiana follows and also comes squirting. The official squirt fest has now started, the girls (especially Flower) come and squirt many times as they get fucked and take a facial in the end. Very wet scene. 

Scene 2 (Size: 269 MB - Length: 21:53 min) 
Missy Monroe and Flower Tucci are masturbating till a guy joins. They suck his cock and Missy tittyfucks the guy as Flower licks his cock. Again it's Flower who is fucked first, and she comes squirting. Then she is fucked again and choked till she comes and squirts some more. Time for Missy to join in on the fun, she sits down on his cock and also squirts. Then the girls take turns getting fucked and squirt many more times.. 

Scene 3 (Size: 211 MB - Length: 17:09 min) 
In this scene Flower is ready for some proper dicksucking. 4 guys are with her and she jumps on their cocks one by one, sometimes two at a time. As she uses her mouth for that, she uses her hands to masturbate and squirt several times in the process. Sometimes the guys catch her squirt with their mouths and she rims them too. In the end they all come all over her face and in her mouth. 

Scene 4 (Size: 178 MB - Length: 14:27 min) 
Flower invited her female friends, Angela Stone, Tiana and Sammy Rhodes, all squirters! The girls get down and nasty using dildo's for all holes and taker turns squirting as they are fucked or masturbating. Some hot anal dildo action is also involved, and some of the girls squirt over 4 feet away! I wonder if the cameraguy was wearing a raincoat here, cause there was a LOT of squirting by all 4 ladies. Very hot. 

Scene 5 (Size: 336 MB - Length: 27:17 min) 
In this scene Flower wants some cock again. Two to be exact! First she is masturbating with a dildo and squirts once, then is joined by two guys. She gives a nice double blowjob and gets pussyfucked while sucking cock. She comes and squirts several times, then they continue on to her ass. She gets hot anal and squirts several more times.Again the camera is not safe for her squirt. After lots of slippery action the guys each give her a facial. 

Extras (Size: 237 MB - Length: 19:16 min) 
This behind the scenes is quite nice. Flower shows her dog dressed up and William H is fooling around. Tiana tells and shows us about her clit and also there is a lot of fun on the scene as Tiana and William start spraying Flower with waterguns, resulting in a fun water mess. Quite nice :)