This is a copy of the DVD "The Iron Wall" from: 
http://www.theironwall.ps/index.html

Please order a copy, give a donation of do something else to help the cause of freedom for 

Palestine.

The website description on the film is as follows: "In 1923 Vladimir Jabotinsky, leading 

intellectual of the Zionist movement and father of the right wing of that movement, wrote: 

"Zionist colonization must either stop, or else proceed regardless of the native population. 

Which means that it can proceed and develop only under the protection of a power that is 

independent of the native population - behind an IRON WALL, which the native population cannot 

breach."

From that day these words became the official and unspoken policy of the Zionist movement and 

later the state of Israel. Settlements were used from the beginning to create a Zionist 

foothold in Palestine. 

After 1967 and the occupation of the West Bank and Gaza, the aim of the settlement movement 

became clear - create facts on the ground and make the creation of a Palestinian state 

impossible. Thirty nine years of occupation and the policy started showing results. There are 

now more than 200 settlements and outposts scattered throughout the West Bank blocking the 

geographic possibility of a contiguous Palestinian territory.

The Iron Wall documentary exposes this phenomenon and follows the timeline, size, population of 

the settlements, and its impact on the peace process. This film also touches on the latest 

project to make the settlements a permanent fact on the ground - the wall that Israel is 

building in the West Bank and its impact on the Palestinian's peoples. 

Settlements and related infrastructures are impacting every aspect of life for all Palestinians 

from land confiscation, theft of natural resources, confiscation of the basic human rights, 

creation of an apartheid-like system, to the devastating impact in regards to the future of the 

region and the prospect of the peace process. 

Palestinians and Israelis began the peace process based on a very simple principle: land for 

peace. Settlements destroy that principle and create a land with no peace."

The video is XVID 29 fps 355 kbps with 12 bit sample size 720x480 pixels
The audio LAME MP3 at 128 kbps
The duration is 52 minutes
