Port Royale 2 (c) Sunflowers





           10/2004 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: VOB/custom

                 1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Strategy







                   Üßß  ÜßßÜ ÜßÜßÜ Üßß  ß ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ Üß

  ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß Û ß² Ûßß² Û   ² ²ß Ü Û Û  ² ²ß   Û  ² ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß

                    ßß  ß    ß   ß ßßßß ß ß    ß     ßß   ßß

 

  Port Royale 2 takes you back to the beginning of the 17th century, when the

  great colonial powers were competing for control of the Caribbean and when

  towns could rapidly expand (and collapse again) over a short period of time.

  

  Features:

  

  * Compete against 4 nations: English, French, Spanish and Dutch 

  * All new pirate ports, viceroy towns and player towns 

  * Construct production facilities, purchase opponent's buildings and create

    cartels 

  * Expand your empire through missions, wealth, land and notoriety 

  * Conquer the Caribbean: attack towns, traders, buccaneers, pirates and

    pirate hideouts   

  * 8 distinctive scenarios with intuitive tutorials 

  * Unlimited gameplay with open-ended game mode.    

  

  Release Notes: 

  

  Please note that we have included a patcher on the cd that updates it

  to the latest version (version 1.1.0.139)                                                  

                                                          

                  

   



             ß ÜßßÜ Üß   ²ÜÜ  ÜßßÜ ²   ²   ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ²ÜÜ  Üßß  Üß

  ßßßßßßßßßß Û Û  ² ßßßÛ Û  Ü Ûßß² Û   Û   Û  ² Û  ² Û  Ü ²ß Ü ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßß

             ß ß     ßß   ßßß ß    ßßß ßßß ß     ßß   ßßß ßßßß  ßß



  1. Unrar.

  2. Burn or mount with Daemon Tools

  3. Install the game

  4. Run the updater located in the /Crack dir on the cd

  5. Copy over the cracked executable located in the /Crack dir on the cd

  6. Play the game
----
PQRS-note: Another nice release from Reloaded seeded at 10mbits. Enjoy!