Plesk 7.5 for Windows is the latest Plesk release specifically designed to offer hosting providers the most stable and secure control panel available on a Windows platform. Constructed on the strong Plesk 7 for Windows foundation, this new release incorporates product feedback received both from Microsoft specialists and our customers. Building on features in the Windows 2003 platform, Plesk 7.5 for Windows has improved existing security features and added new security measures.

The new Plesk release is specifically designed to take full advantage of the native IIS security model in addition to supporting secure FTP over SSL, and SSH uploads with optional Serv-U or Gene6 FTP servers. Furthermore, the Plesk Auto-updater checks the product site for security updates, and can be configured to install updates automatically. The unparalleled security and stability are complemented by a redesigned interface that has been completely reworked sporting the same look and feel as Windows? XP creating instant familiarity for users.

Proven through years of professional production usage, Plesk server software is considered the industry standard in dedicated and shared single server environments. Like its predecessors, Plesk 7.5 for Windows delivers the platform stability demanded by Hosting Service Professionals while providing self administration interfaces and end user access for mail, domain, reseller and server level administration.

Built to Meet Microsoft Development Guidelines
Plesk 7.5 for Windows was built under the guidelines outlined by Microsoft® for Windows? and includes all the functionality customers need today from a Windows server management system. In addition, Plesk 7.5 for Windows includes full support for ASP.NET application deployment, allowing users to incorporate the benefits of Microsoft® .NET for connecting information, people, systems, and devices.

Windows Hosting Simplified
Plesk 7.5 for Windows contains core technologies that build on the strengths of Windows Server 2003 to deliver a superior and cost-effective server management system. Learn about the many new features and technologies that make Plesk 7.5 for Windows an ideal platform and management tool for organizations of any size.

Built for Microsoft Users
Plesk 7.5 for Windows was developed specifically to leverage the strengths of the Windows Server platform. The .NET framework is delivered with a familiar XP-like, battle-tested hosting management interface for secure multi-level self-administration.

Point and Click 3rd Party Application Installation
Plesk 7.5 for Windows is now easier to use and more powerful. The software is highlighted by a completely new Application Management interface (Application Vault) giving users a customizable repository of Site Applications. Single click application installation simplifies an administrator's ability to add, deploy, configure and remove applications to any domain on the system.

Focus on Security
Increased system security is now more critical than ever. SWsoft's commitment to reliable, secure and dependable computing is clear with Plesk 7.5 for Windows. A "secure by default" Firewall will be automatically preconfigured to enable network access to authorized applications only and everything else will be denied. In addition, Plesk 7.5 for Windows has switched to a Native IIS security model confining each site to its own application pool. FrontPage has been optimized to prevent unauthorized access in the shared environment, and all Plesk 7.5 components are now signed with an Authenticode signature. The passive security measures are complemented by an active group of optional applications including automatic updating, Anti-Spam and Anti-Virus prevention software.

Cost Effective
Plesk 7.5 for Windows provides the most cost effective management platform today and the best economics for both scale-up and scale-out purposes. With the management console that includes all essential services and components, organizations can quickly benefit from an integrated platform that is easy to deploy, use and manage. With use options as low as pennies per domain, Plesk 7.5 for Windows is the best solution for trimming long term software related business expenses.

Take advantage of the many valuable new features in Plesk 7.5 for Windows.
