ARTiST: The Concretes
TiTLE: Hey Trouble
LABEL: n/a
GENRE: Indie
TiME: 40:49 min
SiZE: 49,10 MB
BiTRATE: VBRkbps
RiP DATE: Apr-03-2007
RELEASE DATE: Apr-09-2007
WEBSiTE: n/a

Track List:

01. Hey Trouble                                01:27
02. A Whales Heart                             03:57
03. Kids                                       03:45
04. Firewatch                                  03:45
05. Didion                                     04:50
06. Oh Boy                                     02:44
07. Keep Yours                                 02:35
08. If We're Lucky We Don't Get There On Time  03:18
09. Souvenirs                                  03:24
10. Are You Prepared                           03:06
11. Oh No                                      03:52
12. Simple Song                                04:06

Release Notes:

"Hey Trouble!"

That was how The Concretes' heavily bearded driver
greeted the band members when they first got on the
bus for the their American tour last year. Little
did he know how accurate he would turn out to be. Or
that his catchphrase would end up as the title of
the group's third album.

Back to the States, May 2006: In only a matter of
days the band had all their instruments stolen
outside The Bowery Ballrom in New York City. Then
their leadsinger Victoria collapsed in Boston. The
group cancelled the rest of the tour and flew back
to Europe to perform a song on The Jonathan Ross
Show. Their spirits hitting an all time low. To add
insult to injury, while in London and with just
hours to go before shooting, Victoria decided to
quit the band. Maybe the story of The Concretes
should have ended there,­ just quietly
disintegrating behind the end credits of a late
night talk show on the BBC.

The seven members of the band­ minus Victoria - got
drunk that night. Really, really drunk. The didn't
want to quit. They started talking about how
Fleetwood Mac, one of The Concretes favourite bands,
turned into something entirely new when they'd lost
a key member. Someone mentioned The Byrds and New
Order. The Supremes anyone? Or why not The New
Yardbirds?

"So what if the view is old, our angle is new"
(Souvenirs, The Concretes, 2007)

Cut to a few months later. In a studio out on a
field in the south of Sweden. The exact same spot
where The Concretes recorded their debut album. With
ace producer – and occasional honorary Concrete -
Jari Haapalainen. Lisa Milberg, founding member and
very blonde drummer, is singing one of the new
songs. Maria, founding member and brunette
guitarist, is on backing vocals. Jari looks pleased
behind the mixing desk. The song is called Kids and
not only is it the first single from The Concretes
third record, it also says everything you need to
know about pop music, about its emotional powers and
how you should never ever forget what made you fall
in love with it in the first place.

And Lisa and Maria fell under its spell together.
Their story is all in Lisa's lyrics.

"Come rainy days and we would just stay in
and take your brother's records out for a spin
Music could really knock you over back then
So we would lie on the floor just to be safe

Can we play it from the start
Let's relive just the chorus
Can we rewind to the part
Me on drums and you guitar"

(Kids, The Concretes, 2007)

This is the reason The Concretes were formed almost
ten years ago in downtown Stockholm. This is the
reason they had to reinvent themselves for Hey
Trouble. They really had no choice. Hey Trouble is
as much a logical continuation of the already ever
changing world of The Concretes who, through
sickness and health, have just renewed their vows,
as it is the trembling first steps of a completely
new band.

The Concretes are: Lisa Milberg, Maria Eriksson,
Martin Hansson, Per Nyström, Ulrik Karlsson, Daniel
Verj and Ludvig Rylander.
 
http://www.theconcretes.com 
http://www.lickingfingers.com

Befriend The Concretes on their Myspace

See also www.theconcretes.com
