Tryed out!

Install:

Program file says "PC Booster 2008" and file version is "v.maz",
which in general is "PC Booster v6.0" - but we decided
to take the program's file version. 
Please, ignore the file "WhatsNew.txt" 
- they did not update it!!

Homepage:http://www.inklineglobal.com/products/pcb/index.html

How does PC Booster boost my computer speed? 

Using a revolutionary Auto-Tune up process, anyone can tune up their PC by 
using Auto Tune to analyze their system. Auto-Tune will automatically 
optimize your computer for best performance once you run the diagnostics. 
No experience required. 
It examines different modules for System, Desktop, Windows Start Menu, 
Internet, Hardware, CD-ROM, Memory, Boot Up and Shut Down and optimizes 
it for your Windows and computer configuration.

New Feature!

- Results you can See and Feel!
Still not convinced about how much your PC has improved? Unlike other 
software which only claim to speed up your PC, PC Booster measures the 
performance of your PC before and after the tune up, and presents the 
improvements in an easy-to-understand chart, so you can see at a single 
glance how much faster your PC is compared to before.


New Feature!

- Cutting-Edge Instant Registry Repair
Even faster repair, registry error fixes and optimize Windows registry 
with a few simple mouse clicks! Say good bye to frequent crashes, slow 
performance and frustrating error messages and welcome a fresh new, stable 
computer! PCB 2008 helps improve your system performance without expensive 
hardware upgrades. Now anyone is capable to become a computer expert 
in just 2 minutes! 

New Feature! 

- Memory Optimization at your fingertips!
PC Booster's Memory Optimization Bar lets you know in real-time how much 
memory your system has available. Even when you close off some programs, 
the memory they used may not be accessible. When available memory drops too 
low and your system starts to slow down, simply click on the Free RAM button 
to free up the lost memory from your system. Its as good as adding more 
Ram to your computer!

