Taken from my post on DoA:

So I thought I'd surprise everyone here with a little bit of an early Christmas Present/Late Thanksgiving Present to the DoA Masses. As those of you who have been around here long enough know, I do spotlight mixes from time to time. Every time before this it's been a Specific artist. I've done the Hybrid, DJ Shadow, Teebee Part 1 and 2, Digital & Spirit, etc Spotlight mixes. Well this time I've decided to change it up a bit and up the Ante so to speak. I've gone and started what should be a 3 part Tribute series to one of, if not the most influential DnB Labels to ever come about: Moving Shadow. I've started with the Early, smooth grooves, rave anthems, and a few darker deeper numbers as well. Basically I've tried to cover a decent amount of the first 100 Releases through Moving Shadow, which is VERY difficult with a back cat the size and bredth of theirs. I'll be doing what I believe to be 2 more mixes after this to do the full tribute.

For those of you firmilliar with the spotlight mixes, you should expect nothing different as far as quality is concerned. For those of you who are new to my mixes/the spotlight mixes - welcome along.

Hopefully you and everyone else can enjoy it and get a bit of a History Lesson out of it at the same time.

Now on the the Important Business - the mighty Tracklist:

1: Foul Play - Finest Illusion (Legal Mix)
2: Hyper On Experience - Lords of the Null Lines (remix)
3: The Alliance - Integration
4: Deep Blue - Sunset Over Stevenage
5: DJ Pulse - Return Voyage
6: Foul Play - Open Your Mind (Tango Remix)
7: Blame - Music Takes Me
8: Deep Blue - The Helicopter Tune (2 Bad Mice Remix)
9: Omni Trio - Soul Promenade (Nookie Remix)
10: Dead Calm - State of Grace (remix)
11: JMJ & Richie - Free La Funk (PFM Remix)
12: Dead Calm - Searchin\'
13: Pulse and Tango - Feeling Real (Remix)
14: Mastermind - The Morning After
15: Hoax - Pipe Dreams (Flytronix Remix)
16: Aquasky - Dezires (Krust remix)
17: Current Affairs - Turbulence
18: Dead Dred - Danger Zone
19: Flytronix - Ready Ta Flo (Dom + Roland rmx)
20: Higher Sense - Cold Fresh Air (remix)
21: The Renegade - Terrorist (Hardstep Remix)
22: Current Affairs - Cutting Edge (Remix)
23: Technical Itch - Capture
24: Rob & Goldie - The Shadow (Process Mix)

Size: 106mb
Length: 1:17:26
Bitrate: 192 kb/s

Contact info: misc@1217design.com

Enjoy,
-Helix