Hello all,

This is my first torrent.

The first thing what i want to say you is, that i┬┤m not a friend from Rips. I prefer "install and forget", and make it all a little bit more simply.

I decide to use a small file to test my abilities. I saw, some guys have problems to share addons, so i test it well, first.

I collect addons over 4 Years, hold them up to date, and looking daily for new stuff. So i have a huge archive, easy to install high quality addons. For FS2004 only. I delete as well all FS2002 files to save place. Im not a friend of unclear archives, long filenames and so. Now is time, to give you all back what i collect abouve the years from much different p2p networks.

Here i share a small but fine program to cache your harddrive: SystemboosterXP v1&2

-> systembooster.com/about.htm

This program holds which it promises, it's very nice to use, too.

Use Version 1 if you are a beginner.
And Version 2 if you know how the program works and you want some more options.

I have no serial, but i use RTKF (included) to reset the 30 days counter. Start Systembooster and choose "evaluate". You can use this program with all features. And reset the counter all 30 days isn't a big problem.

To reset the counter, start rtkf (trashreg.exe). Delete only the four entries with the extension like:

"Version"=hex:00,fa,00,ff,00, ...........

In the mousecursor popup description you can read something like "trial creator 1+". That's the right entry, delte them, and the counter is reset to zero.


To complete my collections, and share the packages as well i need some help and request today:


FSD Pilatus Porter v2
fsd-international.com/projects/porter.htm

FSD Cessna 0-2A Military
fsd-international.com/projects/C02A.htm

Plz share, thank you!


Greetings to:

FSSR group, keyno, popart, maximus, luke, rodger, phbfo, winnixl, and all other guys i forgot.

All the much unknown guys who shared over the emule network, too.


No greetings to:

"darth_tater" -> please don't download my files!
