The Greek Byzantine Choir - The Divine Liturgy Of Saint John Chrysostom

Description  	   	 
The Greek Byzantine Choir was founded in 1977 by Lycourgos Angelopoulos, with the view of presenting to the public the traditional Byzantine Music as transmitted (until the present day) in both the oral and written tradition. The Choir also aims at preserving the genuine Byzantine tradition by freeing it from the influence of Central Europe, which is extraneous to it. During its 15-year existence, the Greek Byzantine Choir has taken part in more than 450 concerts, liturgies and other events, including all-night vigils at the Mount Sinai Monastery, at Cologne and the Mega Spilaion Monastery (11, 9, and 8 hours respectively). The Choir has performed in 17 countries in Europe, the Eastern Mediterranean, and the U.S.A. It has participated in numerous international festivals and has made several recordings of Byzantine Music. This recording features a complete rendering of the Divine Liturgy of St. John Chrysostom sung in Greek by this all-male choir.

Review By: Fr. Apostolos Hill
The power of the choir is the first thing you notice upon hearing this recording for the first time. For those accustomed to a more serene and less masculine choral setting the change will be bracing. This rendering of the Divine Liturgy in Greek is very smartly done and will be immensely enjoyable to Greek Orthodox listeners and other pan-Hellenes. The voice of the officiating priest contrasts dramatically with the choir and gives the recording dynamic variety. Selections of this work may be familiar to listeners since tracks have been featured on other sacred music compilations. The power, beauty, and reverence of Byzantine music is clearly conveyed in this extraordinary recording.

  1. Great Litany  	  
  2. First Stanza: Psalm 102 
  3. Second Stanza: Psalm 145 	 
  4. Third Stanza: The Beatitudes 	 
  5. Small Entrance with the Gospel 	 
  6. Trisagion 	
  7. Prokeimenon 	 
  8. Alleluia 	 
  9. Glory be to Thee, O Lord 	 
  10. Hymn of the Cherubim 	
  11. Kiss of Peace/Symbol of Peace 	 
  12. The Anaphora 	 
  13. Megalynaria 	 
  14. Ekphonese 	 
  15. Sunday Prayer 	 
  16. Koinonikon 	 
  17. Ekphonese 	 
  18. Let the Name of the Lord...