Not My Release, Just Sharing


HiDownload(HD) is leader of all-in-one stream downloader that aims to download multimedia streaming video and audio, enabling you to download movies, music and capture streaming video and audio,record radio from Internet. 

HiDownload also offers a built-in Broadcast Manager. In addition, it provides all the standard features of a download manager, including scheduling, drop basket, download history, clipboard monitoring, download categories as well as zip preview and more.

Accelerated Downloads: By splitting the files into several parts and downloading them at the same time you save time. 
Support multi-protocols: HTTP, FTP, MMS, MMSU, MMST, RTSP, PNM 
Download all streams files: wmv,wma,asf, asx,rm,ra,rmvb,ram,smil,smi,rpm,mov,flv,pls,m3u,and more 
Support rapidshare, megaupload and other similar sites(Premium Account) 
Download Streaming Video and Record Streaming Audio 
All the popular streaming formats are supported, including: 
Windows Media?(wmv, asf, wma, asx, ...) 
Real Audio? and Real Video?(rm, ra, rmvb, ram, rpm, smil, smi, rp, rt, ...) 
QuickTime?(mov, mp4, qt, ...) 
Flash? Video (.FLV) 
Shoutcast?, IceCast Streaming MP3(mp3, ...) 
Record all kinds of great online media, including: 
Music Videos. 
LiveVideo, Youtube, Google, PutFile, iFilm, Break and other Flv Video Sites. 
Live Internet TV and Radio. 
Shoutcast? and other Streaming MP3 radio. 
Support Meta-files: ram, smil, smi, asx, wax, wvx, m3u, pls, ... 
Record P2P TV Stream video and audio 
Streaming Checker: Download media clip of range, save your time and money 
Categories:you can easily have files of certain types downloaded automatically to a folder you specify 
Live Broadcast Manager: Schedule to download the URL, decide when and what will be downloaded, manage the downloaded files. 
Build-in Podcast Manager: schedule to download podcast 
Browser Integration 
Zip Preview:view the contents of Zip files before download 
Zip Extract:download & extract specific files from zip archive 
Virus Checking:You may select files that have been downloaded and scan them. 
Support Proxy Server:You may set HiDownload to use a proxy server according to your network configuration. 
Cookies support 
Rename automatically 

