Braindead (1992)

IMDB Link:
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103873/

----

This is the most violent movie ever made.  It is so bad, that you will laugh the whole way through.  It's mind blowing violence.

This is the German made "Blood Edition" of the movie "Braindead".  For those that do not know, "Braindead" and "Dead Alive" are the same movie.  Generally, "Dead Alive" is the USA title, and "Braindead" is the international title.

This version of Peter Jackson's lovely flick is the TOTALLY 100% uncut/unrated version.  

The actual runtime of the movie is 100 min.  How is that?  This is because the DVD has a running time of 99mins 34 seconds, but since it's a PAL DVD it has approximately 4% speedup due to the PAL conversion. The actual running time of the source used is the uncut 104 Min Version of the film.

The "Blood Edition" is presented in 1.66 Widescreen, and has an excellent 2 channel  AC3 Dolby soundtrack...NOT the retarded MONO soundtrack and 4:3 fullscreen found on the Region 2 Universal release sold here:
 
http://www.amazon.co.uk/exec/obidos/ASIN/B00006RHU4/qid=1136755043/sr=8-1/ref=sr_8_xs_ap_i1_xgl/203-7290268-4281522

I've included scans of the DVD and case as well for shits and giggles.

There are no subtitles on the Blood Edition DVD, but any 104 minute subs should work as long as they are made from a 25fps version.


----


Mini Plot:

Lionel, a Mama's boy has the unwanted honor of having to look after his overbearingly evil mother. He ends up falling in love with a local woman who believes that they're destined together. In a moment of intentional sabotage of one of their dates, his mother is bitten by a mysterious creature that ends up zombifying her. It's only a matter of time before she rises from the dead a powerful, bloodthirsty zombie. It's only a matter of time before she starts infecting residents of the town and Lionel has to stop her...and them.

----

What Others Have Said:


1.   This movie is, hands-down, the goriest movie I have ever seen. It is so over-the-top violent that it has rightfully become a cult favorite of many, many horror fans. I didn't see it until recently, but I was amazed. What Jackson managed to do on such a small budget is nothing short of a miracle. Should you watch it? That depends. The gore is so prevalent you become numb to it after awhile, but I would not be surprised if someone told me it caused them to throw up. People are reduced to parts, and then those parts are reduced to parts that still move around. If that sounds like your kind of film, see this. Be warned, though - you have never seen anything like this.


2.    This movie is so unbelievably gross it becomes hilarious. Intestines preening in a mirror just crack me up.


3.   I watched this movie, "Dead Alive" for the first time in ten years. The recent uprising of horror movies have caused a a time period of reminising for my old horror favorites for me. I have always claimed "Dead Alive" to be the hands down goriest movie of all time. Not the best horror film, not the scariest movie but without a doubt the goriest movie of all time. It is sad that we have to have someone from Australia show us how it could be done. This film takes gore to the extreme and further than you have probably ever seen before, and then it goes beyond that, and then beyond that, and then beyond that. At some point, even horror emphatics have to go, "When is this going to stop. I can't take anymore.", but the film keeps going. Thank god a majority of the over-the-top violence has a comedy edge to it or it would be mind-breaking. I couldn't imagine this film with a serious tone like "Texas Chainsaw" attached to it with this much violence. Still, there are many great scenes and special-effects that must be seen in this film. Some poor acting here and there, TOO much gore and the weak ending make this 5 star horror fest a 4 star film.


4.  When you think of blood and gore, movies such as, Hellraiser, From Beyond, Evil Dead and Re-Animator may come to mind. These movies, however, are merely kindergarden class to this blood drenched classic. All the reviews I've read say this is probably the goriest movie in history. I'd have to agree with that sentiment. The story about a young, shy man named Lionel(Timothy Balme) who takes care of his domineering mother. Lionel meets up with a young woman in a little store named Pakita. She persues Lionel and gets him to accompany her to the zoo. While spying on the couple Lionel's mother is bitten by the Sumatran Rat Monkey. After being infected with the bite she becomes a hideous undead creature. Lionel, however still takes the time to care for her and all of the others that will become infected with this disease. If your looking for a frightful movie then this movie would not be for you. The storyline is weak but when you have so much blood, gore and guts on the screen do you really care about a story? This is definitely the goriest movie ever made. Scenes include a rib cage being pulled out, plenty of body dismemberment and the best scene, chopping up dozens of zombies with a lawnmower plus much more. This movie splills more blood than the elevator scene in Stephen King's The Shining. Just describing these scenes and talking about the movie gives it no justice in just how gorey it is. You gotta see this movie for yourself. The dazzling special effects are courtesy of Richard Taylor. 

----

Encoded by: sickboy88
Codec: XviD 1.1.0 Final
Bitrate: 1021 kb/s AVG
Aspect: 640x384 = 1.66
Audio: English, 384 kb/s CBR 2 ch AC3 @ 48K Hz
Subtitles: None
Runtime: 01:39:24
FPS: 25

----

If you are going to watch this, you'll want to install the NEW XviD codec:

Now at Final Build!
 
http://www.koepi.org/XviD-1.1.0-30122005.exe

Also, make sure you have an AC3 decoder installed! Like this one:

AC3Filter 1.01a RC5 (For decoding DTS):
 
http://www.free-codecs.com/download_soft.php?d=21&s=12

For top quality, make sure you use the XviD decoder configerator, and turn
on (Y) and (UV) deblocking, and the new feature of
XviD 1.1.0 (Y) and (UV) DERINGING.

If you have a slow computer, please turn off post-processing. I don't want
another stupid motherfucker telling me that my movies are out of sync
because they are totally computer illiterate.