Just a little head's up regarding EZT..... 
EZT is a comedy based improv noise/grind band out of Tampa, Florida.... 
Totally politically incorrect, and bound to offend most.... 
More of a social commentary, than typical music act..... 
Often compared to Anal Cunt meets Gwar... 
Crazy stage shows, lots of insanity, and noise! 
Enjoy 

------------------------------------------------------------------------ 


Artist - Eviscerated Zombie Tampon 
Genre - Noise/Blur/Grind 
Title - Fuck Easter - Original Master 
Location - The Brass Mug 
Date - 04/03/04 
Recorded by - JD 
Soundboard Recording 
Running Time - 22:29 

This is the original live recording of EZT's Infamous 

"Fuck Easter" Release. 
Totally raw and unmixed!!! 

SONGS- 

1) Fish Heads (The Ballad of Club Venom) 1:53 
2) Fuck Easter 0:49 
3) I Fucked My Neighbor's Cat Just to See the Expression on it's Face 1:40 
4) Cum-Filled Easter Egg Hunt 0:24 
5) Anti-music in Total Opposition of Scene Support 1:34 
6) Let's Enroll in Columbine High and Finish the Job/Fuck You Nu-metal Fags 1:42 
7) The 8th Sin Must Be Homosexuality 1:15 
8) I Want To Join Judas Priest ( So I Can Rape Retarded Boys) 1:13 
9) Cock: The Real Passion of Christ 2:04 
10) Half the Band Couldn't Make it So We Got These Fuckers Instead 2:47 
11) Went to Rhode Island for the World's Biggest Barbecue 0:54 
12) Lars Ulrich Sucks Corporate Cock 2:05 
13) Pederast Priest (Racist Redneck Rebels cover) 4:04 

BIO - 

Eviscerated Zombie Tampon (EZT) was conceived one evening 

during the summer of 2003 following a week of consuming 

mass quanities of drugs and alcohol. Completely annoyed 

about the state of the current underground scene (and 

pretty much everything else) Sir Nekro Cuntsplitter and 

Pussymaggot Bootylicious decided to join forces and 

unleash the most vile, retarded, over -the- top form of 

blur/grind that the world had ever heard. Ignoring the 

fact that neither of them had any musical ability, talent 

or experience, they began to seek out like minded (other 

assholes) people who shared their vision of aural chaos. 
1st to be contacted was Josh Maggotruin. After forcing him 

to ingest a shitload of roofies and taking pictures of him 

with farm animals, he was blackmailed into joining the 

band. 

Next to be "coerced" into joining was Pete DeMaio. After 

promising him riches, drugs, and hookers, he was tricked 

into signing a 50 year contract as EZT's guitarist. 

Next to come along was one of Tampa's most reknowned 

assholes, "Moshing" Martin Manley. As he had no 

experience/ability to play any instrument, he was 

immediately given the bass guitar position. 

It was about this time that Sir Nekro Cuntsplitter was 

kidnapped by a perverted, sexcrazed lunatic by the name of 

Black Wydow who proceeded to sexually assault him for a 

month straight with objects better left undiscussed. She 

was eventually offered the positions of keyboardest and 

second drummer, as she has shown herself to be more than 

capable of handling big sticks. In exchange for being 

allowed to join the band, she promised to free Sir Nekro 1 

weekday a month, to recuperate. 

Spacey King Cosmo III, never a true member of the band, 

was a last minute addition who filled in for Pete during 

EZT's debut live performance. The band decided he had to 

go mainly due to his bizarre obsession with Michael 

Jackson's monkey, "Bubbles" (don't ask) 

Unfortunately, Josh was no longer able to commit to the 

riggers of being in EZT and was replaced by Baron von 

Queefhuffer, formerly of the boy band, Anal Pleasures. 

After deep meditation, or an overdose of prescription pain 

medication, "Moshin" Martin Manley has re-awoken and 

christened himself as Muhamed Faahk Yeumahma. Proving that 

talent and EZT do NOT go hand in hand, Buster Highman was 

offered the guitar slot, vacated by Pete DeMaio, and 

unfortunately accepted. 

After about 1/2 year of stability, EZT suffered another 

line-up change after Baron von Queefhuffer opted to leave 

in order to fulfil his lifetime goal of being an Animal 

Pornographer. After 5 minutes of tryouts (and one helluva 

blowjob) Harry Rectum was offered the job of 

stick-banger....actually, we demanded that he be our 

drummer and after he was forced to endure 16 hours of 

Stryper, he gladly accepted our gracious offer. This 

line-up is now as stable as a 3-legged table along the 

California faultline. 

Official Website: http://www.geocities.com/ezt_rules 

Bio/Discography Site: 

http://www.tartareandesire.com/bands/ezt.html 
