RELEASE INFORMATION

 My.Name.Is.Earl.S01E05.HDTV.XviD-TCM

 release date  : Wed Oct 19 2005
 video codec   : XviD    
 video res     : regular res
 audio codec   : VBR MP3 

NOTES

 LOL's release again has 44.1 audio. either they forgot to fix after last   
 proper, or they are using analog source. i give them benefit of the doubt  

EPISODE INFORMATION

 My Name Is Earl
 #1.05: Teacher Earl 
 Tuesday October 18, 2005 (runtime: 30 mins)
 
 Category    : Comedy                                                       
 Writers     : Victor Fresco                                                
 Director    : Marc Buckland                                                
 Guest Stars : David Aranovich, Sunkrish Bala, Giovanni Ribisi, Tanner      
 Guest Stars : Maguire                                                      

 Earl decides to teach English as a Second language to cross "Made fun of   
 people with accents" off his karma list. While Ralph an old friend is      
 released from prison, Earl tries to convince him in the ways of karma      
 however Ralph ends up kidnapping Randy trying to get his hands on EarlΓÇÖs   
 lotto winnings.                                                            

 series url : http://www.tv.com/show/31988/summary.html?q=My+Name+is+Earl
 episode url: http://www.tv.com/episode/471497/summary.html

GROUP NEWS

 TCM loves TV. That's the reason we are doing what we do.
  
 If you would like to join us we are currently recruiting the following:

 - HDTV/PDTV cappers. You must have a decently fast upload and at least 
   one fast PC.
 - Digital cappers for non-digital source (i.e. DSR) Same requirements apply
   for upload speed and PC as above.

   We can teach you how to cap if you are a novice,  but you must be willing 
   to cap regularly, really love TV, and be all around a cool person,
   since we will be spending a lot of time together.  
   
 - Anything else that is legal that may help us. However - 
   we are not looking for suppliers, site affiliations,or dumps, so 
   please don't bother asking. 

   We do not respond with technical questions about our releases or tell you 
   where to get them. 

 CONTACT: fruity.salad.bowl@gmail.com

