den här är BRA!!!

Korean cinema gets a much-needed shot in the arm with Welcome to Dongmakgol, an exhilarating, transcendent anti-war film that marks the impressive directorial debut of filmmaker Park Kwang Hyeon. Set amidst the backdrop of the Korean War, this box office and critical smash explores the converging paths of a group of bitter enemies, who find more than they bargained for in the peaceful mountain village of Dongmakgol.
    This accidental "gathering" begins when a U.S. pilot named Smith (Steve Taschler) crash lands on the outskirts of Dongmakgol, and is taken in by the locals, who despite some hilarious language difficulties, try their best to make the American feel right at home. Smith is soon joined by the last surviving members of a doomed platoon of North Korean soldiers - Commander Lee Su-Hwa (Jung Jae-Young), Private Jang (Im Ha-Ryong), and patriotic teen soldier Taek-Ki (Ryoo Deok-Hwan), all of whom end up following a spaced out villager named Yeo Il (Kang Hye-Jung) back to the village. Of course, the North Koreans get a little hot under the collar when two South Korean soldiers - Lieutenant Pyo Hyun-Chul (Shin Ha-Kyun) and the comical medic Moon (Seo Jae-Gyung) - end up at the peaceful hamlet as well. The villagers, who don't have a clue that war is ravaging their country, are left wondering just what all the fuss is about.

  After an intense standoff involving the soldiers that quickly turns hilarious thanks to the bewildered, matter-of-fact reactions of the villagers, a stray hand grenade ends up destroying the village's food stores in a popcorn-infused blaze of glory. Realizing the severity of their actions, the two sides form a tentative truce, agreeing to help the villagers restock the warehouse. Although puzzled by the villagers' way of life, the soldiers soon understand that they have found a kind of utopia, where ideology means nothing and the sins of the past can be left far, far behind. But just as they start to settle into this peaceful new world, outside forces threaten to destroy Dongmakgol. Yet even if the soldiers can join forces to protect their new friends, will they survive? Will Dongmakgol



Genre............: Drama / War  
 Source...........: DVD Retail
 DVD Format.......: NTSC
 DVD Size.........: DVD5
 Screen format....: Widescreen
 Audio Language...: Korean

 Audio Format.....: DD 5.1 
                                                                              
Subtitles......: English /  Korean

Menus..........: [x] Untouched                                      
                                                                
 
Video..........: [x] Re-Encoded                                                                           
                        [x] Passes  [6]                                                                           
                        [x] Bitrate [3849]                                                                               
                                                                      
                                                                              
 DVD-extras.....: [x] Untouched                                      
  
  
** Awards: 26th Blue Dragon Awards
? Winner - Best Supporting Actor (Im Ha-Ryong)
? Winner - Best Supporting Actress (Kang Hye-Jung)



ASIANTORRENTS