Ultimate dylan - The Man in video [Volume 1] 
** Full DVD Of RARE and LIVE Tracks & Videos! **

Whats on the DVD?

Here is a collection of 39 videos/Live songs. 
The videos are a glimpse into dylans changes over the years. Watch him singing nervously live in 1963, in such brilliant voice, then skip forward a bit to certain tracks from the \'80\'s which, even for a fan are painful to watch!
  Although it is difficult to put so many years into one DVD, this goes at least some of the way to doing just that.
  The DVD is region free (plays in most any player) and is 4:3 aspect ratio in NTSC format.

It has been produced to a high standard with menus, etc.
There are coverscans included and a CD scan too.

You can play all or browse through each video title which are all dated, and simply select the one you choose to watch.


Format:   ISO image
DVD Format:   NTSC
Aspect:   4:3 (fullscreen)
Region: Region Free
Video: 2699Kb
Audio:  224kb Stereo
Size:  4.01 GB

These are not all \'videos\' as such. I mean, not music videos as we now know them. There are a lot of LIVE DYLAN sets on here. Each one is a single song except for a couple which contain two or three in the one movie.
The quality of film and Dylans voice on the earlier movies..from 1963, 1965, 1967 are just brilliant. It reminds you of just what a great voice Bob had...as a lot of people know him and respect him only for his lyrcal abilites, it is refreshing to see him as a young lad, singing so well and showing such poetry in lyrics that it defies his age.
The movies are in order so, when you watch, you can easily see the changes over the decades. There is one in particular where Dylan goes from a \'70\'s hippie looking dude to the next film where he looks like a pale faced phazed out druggie. Quite horrific really.
Then there are the videos from the \'80\'s. It would seem that Dylan, whether due to bad advice or his own decision, tried to embrace the world of the pop music video that suddenly became the \'thing\' back then. He fails so miserably at this that it made me cringe. His cool style is contradicted by the cheesey, tacky videos(also the songs weren\'t exactly up to much those few years either). They are worth seeing for the sheer contrast they give you to the idea you have about the man!
---------
This is planned to be the first in many series of bootleg cuts and music vids DVDs I am planning. Your feedback will let me know if I can improve upon or maybe you would like me to do one for a particular artist you fancy seeing?