PC-Spel: Chessmaster 10th Edition (c) UBI Soft By VENGEANCE

Release Notes:

More than ever, Chessmater 10th Edition delivers on its promise to make 
you a better chess player. The program will improve your game regardless 
of your level of experience. This landmark edition provides the largest 
upgrade ever to the features and graphics of the franchise. Whether you 
are new to Chess or a tournament-level player, Chessmaster 10th Edition 
allows you to master history's greatest game. 
* The new Chessmaster Academy. 
At the Academy, International Master Josh Waitzkin will personally walk 
players through the basics of chess, plus introduce a variety of simple 
strategies for dominating your opponent. The Academy also features the 
best attacking moves as taught by noted chess champion, Larry 
Christiansen. 
   
* A totally revised interface. 
Clean, clear and easy-to-navigate, this all new interface represents the 
biggest upgrade to the look and feel of Chessmaster in over seven years. 
   
* Full-featured online chess module. 
More than just a place to play chess live with other players, 
Chessmaster online allows players to establish rankings, create 
tournaments, utilize teaching tools, and join a thriving chess 
community. 
   
* More fun for the whole family. 
Features such as, animated chess sets, a variety of whimsical 3D sets, 
and simple and efficient learning tools, makes chess more fun than ever. 
Younger players and chess beginners will appreciate the specialized 
section just for them. As players improve, the game suggests an 
appropriate AI opponent. 
   
* A comprehensive chess engine. 
Wise enough to teach an absolute beginner and powerful enough to defeat 
a grandmaster, experience the all-new edition of the King engine - the 
brains behind the best-selling brand in chess. 
   
* Intermediate and advanced player options. 
Seasoned chess players can test their skills against ranked AI 
opponents, set up tournaments and simultaneous exhibitions, and survey 
their performances using the new statistics system. 

Hemsida: http://chessmaster10.ubi.com/us/