The One Eyed Dude is back with:



Title: 
      .:. Out Force from O3 Games Ltd. -RIP-.:.



Ripped: 

The movies, some Logos!



About:

The game takes place in a far future, the 25th century to be exact,
where mankind is fighting for survival far away from home. The human
race has left Earth, after nearly getting wiped out after an asteroid
hit, and is now trying its best to settle down in a nearby star system,
the Epsilon Eridani system.

We are not alone in this part of the galaxy, though. Our new home lies
right in the crossfire between two alien races, who also seek control 
of the region. These alien empires, the stout, chubby, turtle-like Gobins
and the erect, proud warriors of the Crions, have nearly eradicated each
other after centuries of territorial conflict and outright war. The mass
of the Crion army is about to advance on one of the major Gobin home-
worlds, to take advantage of their last chance of breaking the 50-year 
stalemate. In the middle of all this, the Terrans arrive, and begin to

colonize a nearby Gobin planet. Both the alien empires are taken  
completely by surprise and, believing the humans to be a devious trick     
played by their opponent, furiously attack the Terran forces. The 
Terrans respond in kind with nuclear missiles, proving deadly effective. 
After a short but brutally effective war, where all three sides has taken  
considerable losses, they all realize peace must be made. An old abandoned 
Crion space station serves as neutral grounds for peace parties to meet.   
Negotiations seems to come along fine Until the space station vanishes 
without a trace. One day, radio and subspace transmissions are just cut off, 
with no hint of problems or complications. All high leaders, diplomats and 
communication experts in this region have completely disappeared, 
and strong suspicions of treachery and conspiracy are hauled in all directions. 
No one really knows what happened, though, and the military generals left 
in charge of the population has no choice but to rally their broken forces into 
a new offensive.The war erupts again, with newfed hatred. This time, 
peace can only be archieved by conquest. 

Features:
                                                                    
* Advanced system for developing sophisticated scripts, to automate
  construction, movement and attacking.
* Artificial intelligence with a learning genetic learning algorithm
* Extensive physics system including pressure waves, elastic collisions,
  gravity and push-and-pull forces
* Innovative new devices and units, such as tow ship, phasing units and
  self-destructing units
* MP3 player, fully customizable with your own playlist 
* Three individual races and over 120 units 
* Advanced multiplayer features, adapted for both LAN and Internet play

How to Install
   
1) Launch "ToeD.exe"

2) Start Game with "Outforce.exe" same folder!

3) Enjoy!


**Great Game you should take a look on

-ToeD!
