Distributed by TeamToad



So are you looking for a good Super Mario Bros?!
clone for your computer? Do you want to fight King Bowser Koopa in 2D, without emulation of the old consoles? Or do you like extreme challenges in a platformer game? Then this game is too good for you. Mario Forever v3.51 is the your best choice if you want a good Mario clone, filled to the brim with secrets. Also, a fun mini-game, Mario Minix, is included in this game too. And everything is the hard work of Buziol Games Software. Good job!

The Mario Forever normal game.
The story is simple: Bowser's armies destroy the Mushroom Kingdom and kidnap the Princess, it's up to Mario to save her. Like always. :D The levels are impressive... I said IMPRESSIVE? They are all the best levels i've ever seen in a Mario platform game. Buziol has a lot of talent! There are 32 normal levels in eight worlds, with the old ranch-style outdoors, underground, underwater levels and castles filled with hot lava. Also there are lots of fairly hard challenges you must complete, like getting out of a pipe maze, riding the cloud, or getting chased by the rising lava. The game has the original enemies; goombas and angry turtles are trying to kill you. So Mario can kill the enemies using his weight, fireballs or beetroots. In some places you must use them. Mario has a lot of powerups in this game, like the original mushroom, fire flower, star and the Buziol-made giant beetroot and green-jumping lui. You can buy the mushroom or the flower at the beginning of the game for your lives. Also there is the scoring system which is similar to the original. Also if you want some more lives, look for the green mushrooms or use the turtle shell kick technique against the enemies. At the end of each world, you must face King Bowser Koopa. Only there's one world which doesn't have Bowser... find it out. :) The game saves automatically when you complete a world.

What are those hardcore worlds that everyone talks about?
The hardcore worlds are secret worlds which contain the hardest platforming challenges in ever made into any game. These are only eight levels, but these levels can be REALLY frustrating. They are EXTREMELY HARD. The challenges are extreme, and I'm not gonna talking about them. The location of their hidden entrance is well hidden, but I give you a little hint: the left floating pipe is upside down. Or you can download the video from the Extras section how to enter this hidden pipe. Also there are more stuff to find in this game...