Gary McKinnon possibly found evidence pointing to a separate space program, confirming what many in the exopolitical field have thought for some time.

More on the Gary McKinnon case including a video interview also by our loverly BBC: http://www.exopolitics.org.uk/garry-mckinnon-%11-bbc-interview


The McKinnon Extradition - BBC Radio Hacker Drama 
----------------------------------------------------------

John Fletcher's play tells the true story of Gary McKinnon, a British citizen who is fighting extradition to the US on suspicion of hacking 
into government computers - first broadcast 12/12/2007

"McKinnon extradition drama turned into radio play:-

The plight of accused Pentagon hacker Gary McKinnon has become the subject of a radio play due to air on the UK's Radio 4 on 
Wednesday afternoon.The play, due to air at 2.15pm will tell the story of McKinnon's fight against extradition to the US.

McKinnon is fighting against extradition to the US on hacking offences after losing an appeal in April. Only the Law Lords now stand 
between the Scot and a US trial for allegedly breaking into and damaging 97 US government computers between 2001 and 2002 and 
causing an estimated $700,000 worth of damage, in what US authorities have described as the "biggest military" computer hack ever.

The former sys admin admits he gained unauthorised access to military networks - using a Perl script to search for default passwords - 
but describes himself as a bumbling amateur motivated by curiosity about evidence of UFOs, rather than a cyberterrorist. McKinnon 
and his legal team have consistently argued that he ought to be tried in the UK.

The Law Lords agreed to hear arguments that US authorities acted in an "oppressive" and "arbitrary" manner during plea bargaining 
negotiations, for example, by allegedly threatening McKinnon over the loss of rights to serve part of his sentence in the UK unless he 
submitted to voluntary extradition. No date for the hearing has been set as yet."

45 minutes - mp3

Directed by Pete Atkin.

==

Best Viewed with !DAMN! NFO Viewer


||  Archived and Pan-Spermi8'd by !UtopiAted!Net!   ||     http://utopiated.net


                                                               
                  
