GARMIN Mobile ? 10 software updated version 4.10.40 (only applicable to Symbian S60 v8/v9.)


Updated software version, the steps are as follows:

Garmin and copied to the System directory on your memory card.
Will memory card inserted into the phone.
Click phones E:  Garmin  GarminMobileXT.sis start upgrading program.
(If your phone for N70, or N90, is only the completion of Step 2, the program will automatically upgrade)
See GPS version, the steps are as follows:

Will cursor moved to the mobile applications GmobileXT.
Enter GmobileXT navigation software.
Will cursor moved to [set].
Select [on].
Which shows that the computer system information.
GARMIN Mobile ? 10 update instructions downloaded (763 KB)



Note:
This software is only applicable GARMIN Mobile ? 10 (Taiwan version)
When you are in the implementation of the updated software programs, you will post the routes on the GPS data backup storage.
Good USB cable connections, access to memory storage space will be. Gpx backup copy, in order to avoid the loss of your update stored in the GPS machine table flight information. Update is completed, will be. Gpx copy files back to the original path, to enter the mobile phone (Tools) in (my information management) into. Gpx archives.
Software upgrades in the last set, GARMIN Mobile ? 10 (Taiwan version) the instructions on the screen will be installed in. This procedure may need to upload spend some time to complete, please update before the power plant confirmed the adequacy of updates, so as to avoid disruption, at the same time when the implementation of updated plant, also do not arbitrarily switch the plant. Upon the completion of this upload procedures, GARMIN Mobile ? 10 (Taiwan version) will be reset and normal boot.



The latest software Issue date is 08/31/07.
By 4.10.20 Beta version to 4.10.40:

1. Amended horizontal screen mode in the new one route, the route in storage at the problem of the map will not be updated.
2. Amendments to E70 in the horizontal screen mode, a new route storage generated by the closure of the mistakes
3. Scale improvement in the largest release to show that the information did not include coordinates for users interested points, updating maps of the problem too slowly
4. Change backlight adjustment "to maintain close down the" settings, change its name to "nil"
5. Adjustment Nokia E90 of the wide-screen user interface:
A: integrity displayed Garmin Online detailed weather information services
B: reducing the size of the message box to meet the wide-screen ratio
C: reduce route on the map shows that the width of
D: reconfiguration of the POI option pages button location
6 amendments Nokia N95 in a number of different types of users interested in point, the court could not issue a search operation
7. New "traffic information" category in the "wanted to go where -> Extras"
8. Attractions guides users Rapporteur of interest under the category of point-maker, increased sub-categories, and, in this sub-category relative to the following points of interest
9. Amendments into the route names too long not fully display the name of the route issue
10. Amendments to the rest stops navigation navigation instructions could be shown the problem of language
11. Depositors route has been amended in a halfway point increase in the program caused the problem freeze
12. Amendment could not link a GPS 10 and the GPS 10 closed issue
13. Amended in turn preview screen in a blank map of the problem
14 improvement in the "wanted to go where -> coordinate" Editor's functions can be based on "Settings -> System -> coordinate format," set to edit coordinates
15. Deviate from the route to improve the stability of recalculations
16. From MapSource when new routes into the path routes, suggested that increase into GPX
17. Improvement in Garmin Mobile XT recalculated, no longer sustained in the future to avoid interference with the use of mobile phone users
18. Amendment can not search for the problem of Chinese contacts
19 improvement multiple lines of Chinese characters broken line position
20. Support Garmin Mobile SDK
Version 4.10.20 Beta:

New features:
1. Support attractions guide members (Rich POI)
2. Support functions of the card automatically activated program
3. Warning directional point support
4. Support dynamic adjustment of font size (system ==> display ==> Text size)
5. Support new voice Taiwanese  Hakka  Putonghua  Cantonese.
6. Strengthen anti-white text selected when the display
7. Multi-language map can be obtained from
8. Mode maps and night guided trip information for the background color always dark
9. Support Nokia E90, Nokia 6110, Nokia N95
Problems amendment: 