Liquid Force Team Effort 2005 

It was a Team Effort for sure... While everyone else in Sweden was tuning their runs for nationals the coming weekend the LF team went on a 3 day BBQ. Yeah why not? Find a remote place with an awesome lake and great surroundings, no problem. Lake Retard, as it is called by some, is a secret spot in the middle of nowhere. If I tell you where, I'd have to kill you. Everyone pitched in to make it whatever it was. Henrik, maybe the most enthusiatic of all (I'm not saying we weren't all stoked on the idea cause we really were) brought the military tent equipped with a fire place/stow, the size of a smaller house. I think he got the money back for the tent after the trip when he returned it to the store and complained about some missing piece. Classic. Fred brought the 'ol Suzuki 450 something, tubes and managed to talk Klasa into lending us the SeaDoo, thanks! Jacob had his expensive camera and a water tight housing for it. I rented another camera and we brought the boat out there, me and Martin. Poor Gustav had to sit in the tube most of the time, he said he didn't mind though. Emil and his crew came down to film for TV, don't know what happend with that... well, I do actually but that's a whole different story. Anyway, we made some fires, had some sausages and beers, went on the MX, had SeaDoo races, shits in the forest and occationally someone went wakeboarding and someone else filmed it. Oh yeah, HelicopterView came down (Thanks Froggy!) and that was sick stuff but fairly tricky to time it with the riding since the little chopper only stayed up for about 20 seconds at a time... Gareth told us to drop everything and jump for the chopper if it went down (it was obviously pretty expensive). I think we forgot to mention to him that the lake was 40 metres deep. If it'd gone down, it would have stayed down. Well, Team Effort is the result of 6 friends hanging out it the woods - it may sound ghey but it was only a bit gay (in a different kind of sence) when we tried to get the boat out of that lake to leave, we're lucky that that boat is still floating and not least that Fred's truck is still on dry land 'cause that was close, freakin close to a mishap 


It's an IMG file so start it up with Deamon Tools or something. Size: 639 MB.


So you'll see some riding by Igge, Henrik Axman, Martin Gustavsson, Jacob Nordström, Martin Johansson and I think Gurra Samrelius sticks a shuv on the skate somewhere in there too. Hope you enjoy, it's all about fun. If you want a hard copy of the film with a nice cover check out NoComply.com where you can buy it cheap. 


Support those who support us: 

www.liquidforce.com 
www.nocomply.se 
www.froggy.se 
www.helicopterview.se 
www.vonzipper.com 
www.foxracing.com 
www.wakeboard.nu 
www.meg.se 



2007 is the year we drop the bomb, just so you know. Later. 
