Japanese and English audio tracks, English sub-title file. 4x3 TV aspect ratio, 640 or 704 width.

Age rating: Teenagers (May contain bloody violence, bad language, nudity)
Genres: Drama, Mecha, Psychological, Science Fiction
Plot Summary: The year is AD 2225. Kouji Aiba and Aoi Housen are serving as astronauts in-training in Liebe Delta which is located on the edge of the Geduld Sea. When saboteurs with unknown intents suddenly strike during a routine dive procedure, the space station plummets into the Geduld, a plasma field that links all the planets like a nervous system and crushes any ship that strays too far into it. With all the adults onboard killed, the young astronauts will have to survive this long journey home in midst of the growing tension amongst each other. Meanwhile the organizers of the sabotage look on and prepare to attack once more.

Title: Infinite Ryvius, a.k.a. Mugen no Ryvius
Company: Bandai Visual/Sunrise/TV Tokyo
Format: 26 episodes
Dates: 10/6/1999 to 3/29/2000

In 2197, a neutrino burst from Sol created a high gravity region in the solar system known as the Sea of Gedult. What came to be known as the Gedult Phenomenon killed millions of people in Earth's southern hemisphere, but that didn't stop mankind from reaching for the stars. In 2225, Aiba Kouji is onboard the space station Liebe Delta to train for a career in space. But when an act of sabotage forces the Liebe Delta deep into the Gedult, the remaining adults sacrifice themselves to buy the trainees enough time to escape. Upon their exodus, they find a strange and powerful vessel: the Ryvius. Their newfound ship is strong enough to protect them from enemy warships, but the Ryvius cannot protect all four hundred and eighty-seven survivors from one thing: themselves. - summary by Eek

Grade: 90%

Back in the eighth grade, I became interested in "Lord of the Flies" after a friend read out loud a particularly gruesome passage. However, the book became one of my favorites because of how it cleverly used children to look at society and the moralities behind it. Infinite Ryvius does much of the same but with a sci-fi spin.