Game Info

      Football  Manager  returns  before  Christmas  packed  full of new
      features  for  fans  of  the  much-acclaimed  series  from  Sports
      Interactive  to  feast their eyes on. Football Manager 2008 is out
      on  PC  /  Mac this autumn, and offers football fans the chance to
      take  on  the  greatest  job  on earth; manager of there favourite
      football club!

      Bigger,  smoother  and  more  in-depth than ever, Football Manager
      2008  is  packed  full  of  so  much  newness it could well take a
      lifetime  to  discover  every  new  feature.  So  we  asked  Miles
      Jacobson,  Studio Director at SI Games, to take us through some of
      the changes you'll want to hear about most...


      Transfer Center

      A  new way of managing all current transfer and loan bids for your
      club, both incoming and outgoing, making it easier to compare bids
      and reject or accept them.


      Finance Revamp

      Sports  Interactive  have  updated  the  finance  area of Football
      Manager  2008  to better reflect the ever-changing modern football
      world.   More   information  is  available  to  the  manager  too,
      including,  but  not limited to, corporate matchday income, season
      ticket  news,  investment funds, improved sponsorships, collective
      win  bonuses  and  the  ability to move around funds from the wage
      budget  and  transfer budget (and vice versa) at any point to help
      you in your quest for the ideal squad.


      International Management

      The international management gameplay has been completely revamped
      for  Football  Manager  2008, including, but not limited to, media
      improvements,   international   retirements,  player  interaction,
      international  scouting, improved national pool selection, captain
      selection  and  a  separation of international and club morale for
      players.


      Match Flow

      The largest change to matchdays in a Sports Interactive game since
      the  introduction  of  the 2D match engine. Match flow brings more
      atmosphere   to   matchdays   with  match  previews,  team  talks,
      opposition  player  instructions,  the match itself, half time and
      post  match  now seamlessly following on from one another. There's
      no  more  pausing  to  make  tactical  changes  and  you'll find a
      mini-radar  pitch whilst making those tactical changes to keep you
      in touch with what's going on in the match.


      Confidence

      You can now easily tell what your board and supporters think about
      your  performance  in the game through the new confidence section.
      This  gives  you  feedback  not  just  on your current progress in
      competitions,  but  also  your  financial management and signings.


      Easier to Use

      A  much  cleaner  skin,  a  brand  new  advisor system to help you
      through  various  areas  of  the  game,  a  new notes and notebook
      system,  better  button  positioning for simpler navigation and an
      updated  tutorial  and  manual. Also, coach reports to make taking
      over  a  new team easier and a new calendar system which lists all
      important  dates  throughout  the  season  help  to  make Football
      Manager  2008  the  easiest  Sports  Interactive  game to use yet.


      Fan Days

      The board can now arrange fan days to boost ailing attendances, or
      for  matches  that  are  likely  to  attract  a  low crowd, with a
      long-term affect to attendances if all goes well.


      Awards Overhaul

      A full overhaul of the awards system inside the game, which is not
      only  more  accurate  but  also  includes  new awards, such as the
      European golden boot and a 'best eleven', which shows the all-time
      (in-game) best XI for all teams and nations.


      Match Engine Improvements

      A   greatly  improved  match  engine,  once  again  utilizing  the
      footballing  brain  of  Ray  Houghton  and  other  tools  used  by
      real-life  managers,  to  make  the  most  accurate  simulation of
      football  in a computer game even more like-life than ever before.
      Oh, and the ability to change the pitch dimensions at the start of
      the season to suit your style of play better.


      Expanded Media

      More  media  and  feedback  than  ever before, plus more detail in
      existing  media,  and  a  new competition news section to find out
      what  major  things  are  going  on  in  all  league competitions.


      Regenerated Player Photos

      All  in-game  regenerated  players now have pictures using FaceGen
      technology  to  give  each player more personality. This gives the
      ability for players to be seen to mature and grow-up looks-wise in
      front of your eyes as the game is going on.


      Speedyfastier

      Saving  and  loading  is  now  significantly  faster, with network
      gaming  quicker  and smoother to play, as well as tactical changes
      and match reports being faster than ever before.




                       1. Unpack.
                       2. Install.
                       3. Copy crack.
                       4. Enjoy!

WWW.FILMFIX.SE