- presented by Chomskytorrents.org visit the site for more political torrents and participate in the discussions at the forums -


Democracy Now! The War & Peace Report

Description: INDEPENDENT News show hosted by award-winning journalists Amy Goodman and Juan Gonzalez. A daily Radio and TV News Program on over 350 Stations pioneering the largest community media collaboration in the US.

This torrent contains the broadcasts aired from Friday the 16th of September 2005 to Monday the 26th of September 2005. For a list of some of the actual headlines, refer to the included file - Headlines.txt - Or simply visit the shows official site Democracynow.org. 
If you don't have time to watch everything, I strongly recommend the show aired on Friday the 23rd featuring Naomi Klein.

Media: Audio/Video
Format: Real Media (.rm)
Runtime: 7 x 1 hour
Filesize: 7 x 100MB
Quality: Good (it's a newsshow)
Watch with: Real Alternative (recommended program that lets you watch .rm without needing Real Player) INCLUDED in this Bundle. 
Download with: I recommend Bitcomet, which you can get instantly from here http://fileforum.betanews.com/download/BitComet/1078332329/1 This client also lets you download specific files out of a torrent such as this.
URL of the show: democracynow.org - YOU CAN WATCH AND/OR LISTEN THE SHOW DAILY FROM THEIR WEBSITE


Keywords for the show, note that some of these are not necessarily connected to the shows in this specific torrent: Noam Chomsky, George Bush, 9/11, Al-Quaida, Oil, Gulf, Army, War, Terrorism, Terrorist, Abu Ghraib, Cindy Sheehan, O'Reilly, Ann Coulter, The Iraq War, Israel, the West Bank, Palestine, Chile, Kayne West, Judge John Roberts hearings, Chief Justice, the senate, the Supreme Court, Assassinations, Interviews with political authors, political artists, and key-figures, wiretapping, Mosques, Religion, what the congress is up to, Anti-War, Activism, Activists, social security, FEMA, Looting, Looters, the third world, Wal-mart, debates, Globalization, Death Row executions, militas, shiite, investigation, pentagon, mexico, Naomi Klein, arrested, capitol hill, protesters, FBI, puerto rico, prisoners, guantanamo bay, white house, clinton, racism, NY times, New York, sues insurance companies, defense ministry, carter, al gore, North Korea, pro-choice, pro-life, anti-choice, anti-life, abortion, Womens rights, reporters killed, british troops, forces, insider, environment, flooding, Hurricane Katrina, Hurricane Rita, storm, evacuees, an outstanding coverage of the recent Disaster in New Orleans, and lots more!


The tracker is reliable, but unfortunately a bit slow/stressed and often shows inaccurate amount of seeders/leechers, so give it time, and you'll get the show. Help SEED if you'r interested in spreading the word about what's REALLY going on in the World. Wake up, and get involved, NOW! It's your future too.