When you?re planning a new promotion, how do you know how many visitors you?ll need to reach your estimated sales goal?

This is a question that I don?t think is pondered often enough.

When you are planning any promotion, you should always set forth goals for yourself.  Without them, you have no way to measure your success.  Once you know how much you want to make in sales, then you need to put together a plan that will allow you to strategically achieve your goal.

But how do you do that?

Well, you work backwards.  You start with the sales goal and then assess your metrics carefully.  You often hear the gurus telling you that you must know your metrics if you are going to be successful online.  This is what they are referring to.

Until now, though, the only thing that you can do to make this assessment is to get out a calculator, think back to that freshman algebra class that you barely passed, and pray.  I decided that it was about time for someone to come out with a tool that could make these calculations less painful, so I put together a quick, easy to use worksheet in Excel, that could be used by the partners in the Sam Freedom Strategic Alliance.

I showed this to to Sam Freedom and Mike Ambrosio during a phone conversation we had the other night and they were amazed. This worksheet is a pretty cool little tool that identifies various methods of traffic generation (Traffic Type ?A? through Traffic Type ?M?).

The way that this worksheet works is that you plug in the amount of money that you want to make from a promotion (i.e. your sales goal). You then provide the selling price for your product as well as your estimated conversions. The worksheet then tells you the total number of visitors that you?ll need to achieve your goal.

Next, you just go down the list of Traffic Types A through M and plug in the number of each type of traffic you are willing to do. These are things like ?Write 1 blog post, Boomark it at 1 Social Bookmarking Site? or ?Write 1 Article and Submit It to 1 Syndicator? or ?Create 1 Short Video and Submit It To 1 Viral Video Site?.

As you plugin each number, the worksheet recalculates itself and tells you how many visitors the tasks will bring you AND how many more you?ll need to achieve your goal.

Sam and Mike were really excited about this worksheet. In fact, they practically begged me NOT to include it in this package.  But the whole reason that I even put it together in the first place was to help other marketers learn how to use metrics to get predictable results in their businesses, so it wouldn?t be fair to keep it to myself.

So here?s what I?ve decided to do ?.

I want to make sure that this tool gets used by the largest number of people possible.  So, I?ve decided to give it away ? FOR FREE!