David Icke - The Reptilian Agenda (with Shaman Credo Mutwa) full 6h35min.avi - 
I first met Credo Mutwa in February 1998 on my first visit to South Africa. I knew immediately I was in the presence of a remarkable human being. He is, beyond question, the most astonishing man it has been my honour to meet and call a friend. I also realised that his unique and almost infinite library of knowledge and experience had to be preserved and recorded for the world to see and hear. He has suffered the violence of the white rulers of aparteid, had his son murdered in an attempt to silence him, and felt the wrath of his own people for speaking a truth they did not like. He was almost burned alive in Soweto, when his people staggeringly believed a newspaper article, in which he was viciously misquoted by a "journalist", a member of a South African media that provides one of the greatest examples of intellectual prostitution I have ever experienced under both aparteid and now the black majority government. In this memorable, almost six hours, of an interview, contained in PART I and PART II, Credo Mutwa reveals his incredible wealth of knowledge about the black magicians of the Illuminati and how they use their knowledge of the occult to control the world. This is a unique insight that affects every man, woman and child, no matter what our background, colour, country, or creed. Sit back and savour this wonderful man. You are in the presence of a genius and a giant. After making these videos, Credo was visited by two people from Cape Town who offered him 50,000 rand and a house anywhere in South Africa he would like to name, if he would agree to never speak to David Icke again and never have anything to do with him. Credo's reply can be imagined! This is the BOX SET of a two part collection PART I and PART II combined. Ordering direct from Bridge of Love is a great contribution for the expansion of this work in communicating suppressed information fundamental to human freedom to the world, keep the capital flowing, to reprint books, maintaining their circulation and keeping the show on the road. Thank you! David Icke