This is the second part of two in my release with music from computer games. 
In this release I especially recommend the Planescape: Torment and Oblivion-soundtracks. Breathtaking music to say the least.

About half of this torrent was also stolen from a previous upload titled "game music". The rest of the stuff was downloaded from various torrents or scavenged from the web (mostly Fileplanet, which took me a looooong time. Their cue-system really sucks). I should perhaps add that I´m uncertain about the "Might and magic "- soundtrack. I found it on some website and it said it was from Heroes 2. However, I don´t remember the music from Heroes 2 sounding like that, so perhaps it´s from another game in the might and magic-franchise. The same goes for "Warhammer". Couldn´t figure out exactly what game it was from. If you figure it out, feel free to send me an email.
If you only want a specific soundtrack you can prioritize individual files in some torrent-programs such as Bitcomet, however, it would be best for everyone if you downloaded the whole thing and made sure to seed it properly.

Oh, and that brings us to the most important thing: remember to seed people. An upload ratio of at least 1,5 is not asking too much. Keep that in mind and perhaps we can keep this torrent alive for a good while. Don´t forget to check out the "Other" folder where I´ve put the great themes from Far Cry, Quake 2, Cyberstorm and more. Hell, now I´m beginning to sound like a damn salesman, so I´ll stop there...

Send feedback, legal threats or your credit-card number (:p) to: lawe_jedi@hotmail.com
Have fun!.

/Threedots 

Soundtracks included are: 
  Freelancer                       
  Giants                           
  Ground Control   
  Halo Combat Evolved
  Halo 2            
  Hitman                        
  Icewind Dale Soundtrack       
  Jade Empire
  Medal of Honor Allied Assault 
  Medieval: Total War            
  Might and Magic ? (See above...)                      
  Myth 3                        
  Other                         
  Planescape - Torment
  Quake 3                       
  Republic Commando             
  Return to Castle Wolfenstein  
  SIN                           
  StarCraft                     
  The Elder Scrolls III - Morrowind	 
  The Elder Scrolls IV - Oblivion
  Unreal 2                      
  Unreal Tournament 2003        
  Vampire The Masquerade Bloodlines
  Warcraft 2                    
  WarCraft 3                    
  Warhammer ? (See above)                    
  World of Warcraft
