DarkBASIC Professional + Crack, patch and serial


Fantastiskt bra program för att slapa spel.

Really good game making software.



Fakta om programmet - Facts about the program


DarkBASIC Professional is the most advanced games development package built on the BASIC language currently available. No other package out there makes it as easy to incorporate all of the special features and effects you see in todays games and no other package natively offers the benefits of Microsofts DirectX 9 technology. 



 
Pixel & Vertex Shader Support
NVIDIA and ATI's powerful new graphics cards have inspired us to support both Pixel and Vertex shaders. You have full and direct control of these awesome hardware effects from within DarkBASIC Professional. Pixel Shaders are used to alter lighting and surface effects that replace artificial, computerized looks with materials and surfaces that mimic reality. 


 
Vertex Shaders are used to breathe life and personality into characters and environments. For example, through vertex shading you can create true-to-life dimples or wrinkles that appear when a character smiles or you can ripple shockwaves through a land matrix. The illustration above shows 6 different DarkBASIC Professional shaders in action.


Does "Professional" Mean Harder To Learn?
Not when it comes to DarkBASIC Professional. "Professional" to us means that you get all of the benefits of the original DarkBASIC language, so you can write games with ease. But you also get the lower-level control and extras you would expect from a Professional language. There are an increased range of Data Types, a far more advanced 3D Engine with low level access to Object data. You can utilise vector and matrix manipulation via the 3D Maths commands and many other advanced features that are there if you need them. 

DarkBASIC Professional will grow with you as you learn new development skills and extend your 3D knowledge, so you can unlock the benefits of the more advanced areas of the language. Even if you master all of the 1000+ commands on offer you can extend DarkBASIC Professional with your own DLLs which allow you to create custom commands. 


Key Features
DarkBASIC Professional is an extremely powerful and versatile package. It is not easy to list all of the features, but here we have selected some of the key features: 

All programs made with DarkBASIC Professional are License and Royalty Free
Save your programs as stand-alone EXE files
6 2D Image Formats Supported
5 3D Object File Formats Supported
Includes an electronic Manual on the CD
Over 1000 game orientated commands
Windows based Integrated Development Environment (IDE)
Brand new Compiler produces 100% Machine Code
Encrypt and Compress your EXE files
Expandable - write your own DLLs with the free SDK
Binary Space Partioning (BSP) Support
Potential Visibility Set (PVS)
Nodetree Optimisation
Bump Mapping
Light Mapping
Environment Mapping
Sphere Mapping
Cubic Mapping
Multi-texturing
Bone Based Animations
Pixel and Vertex Shaders
Cartoon Shading
Rainbow Rendering
Code your own Shaders
Vector and Matrix Manipulation
Real Time Shadows
True Reflections
Lights (Omni, Spot, Directional)
Matrices and Terrains
Particle System
Extremely fast 2D Sprites
Polygon Collision and Response
Create Multi-player Games (Lan and Internet)
Fully Windows XP compliant
Integrated Debugger
Breakpoints, Step-Thru Mode and Variable Tracking
3D Studio and Direct X Object Support
Sprite support including flipping, scaling and collision
Set and control sounds in 3D space
Load, Play and Loop Music files
Load, Play and control Video Animations or DVD Streams
Control 3D Fog depth, distance and colour
Full Object Rotation control
Control Object Limbs (direction, angle, rotation, size)
Create and Delete Object Meshes
Global or Object based automatic 3D Collision Detection
Automatic Camera and Camera to Object Orientation Commands
Create, Position and Colour Lights
Build, Texture and Map Matrix Landscapes
System Test Commands let you check for compatibility  

File Formats Supported
DarkBASIC natively supports the following Media File Formats. Loaders/Savers for additional formats are available from 3rd party developers or can be written yourself. 

File Format Name Load Save 
2D Image - BMP BMP Yes Yes 
2D Image - Device Independant Bitmap DIB Yes Yes 
2D Image - Portable Network Graphics PNG Yes   
2D Image - JPEG JPG Yes Yes 
2D Image - DirectDraw Surface DDS Yes Yes 
2D Image - Targa TGA Yes   
3D Object - 3D Studio 3DS Yes   
3D Object - DirectX X Yes Yes 
3D Object - MDL MDL Yes   
3D Object - MD2 MD2 Yes   
3D Object - MD3 MD3 Yes   
BSP World Support Quake 2 Yes   
BSP World Support Quake 3 Yes   
BSP World Support Half Life Yes   
Sound - Wave File WAV Yes Yes 
Sound - Windows Media Audio WMA Yes   
Sound - Windows Media Audio AIFF Yes   
Sound - Windows Media Audio AU Yes   
Sound - Windows Media Audio SND Yes   
Sound - Mpeg Layer 3 MP3 Yes   
Music - MIDI playback MIDI Yes   
Music - CD Audio Tracks CD-Audio Yes   
Animation AVI Yes   
Animation MPEG Yes   
Animation - From DVD DVD* Yes   
Animation Indeo Yes   
Animation Cinepak Yes   

DVD Playback requires Windows codecs to be installed.
Due to the complexity of BSP some file formats may not load correctly.
Some hardware effects may not be compatible with your video card, please check before purchasing.
May conflict with currently installed drivers and/or background software and may contain system specific bugs correctable by freely available updates from this web site. We endevour to patch all reported bugs as quickly as possible.


Comparison Chart
A lot of people ask what the difference is between DarkBASIC Professional and the original DarkBASIC. So we put together this table of the key features and differences to help explain it. 

Key:
DB = DarkBASIC
DBPro = DarkBASIC Professional 

Feature DB DBPro 
Compiler Type Interpretated Compiled to Assembly 
BSP World Support No Yes 
Native Windows Editor No ** Yes 
Sphere Mapping No Yes 
Cubic Environment Mapping No Yes 
Light Mapping No Yes 
Bump Mapping No Yes 
Pixel / Vertex Shaders No Yes 
FTP Commands Yes* Yes 
Multiplayer Support No * Yes 
3D Maths Commands No Yes 
DLL Support Yes* Yes 
Particles No Yes 
DVD Video Playback No Yes 
CD Audio Playback Yes Yes 
Memblock Access Yes* Yes 
Sprite Rotation No Yes 
Transparent Sprites No Yes 
Animated Sprites No Yes 
Stacks / Queues No Yes 
Clipboard Access Yes* Yes 
Registry Access No * Yes 
Force Feedback Support Yes Yes 
Gradient Filled Boxes No Yes 
Pixel Locking No Yes 
Play AVIs to Images No Yes 
Camera to Textures No Yes 
Clone Objects No Yes 
Create Object Instances No Yes 
Terrain Support No Yes 
DirectX 9.0 Support No Yes 
Multiple Cameras No Yes 

* DarkBASIC supports this but only with the Enhancement Pack installed.
** Alternative Windows editors available. 


System Requirements
The following are the System Requirements for running DarkBASIC Professional. You can view the Minimum or the Recommend specifications. 

Minimum System Requirements 
 300 MHz Pentium II Processor 
 Windows 98 / 2000 / ME / XP (Home/Pro) 
 400 MB of hard disk space 
 64 MB of Ram 
 DirectX Version 9.0b+ 
 Fully DirectX compatible Graphics Card with 16 MB Memory or more and Hardware 3D Acceleration 
 Direct X compatible Sound Card 
 4x Speed CD-Rom Drive 
 We recommend your video card has at least 32 MB of memory to get the most from DarkBASIC Professional, you will be limited in the size of game and type of effects you can use otherwise. Certain features of DarkBASIC Professional (such as vertex/pixel shaders) require a suitably powerful graphics card. Please check with your video card manufacturer before purchasing. 

Recommended System Requirements 
 733 MHz Pentium III Processor or above 
 Windows 98 / 2000 / ME / XP (Home/Pro) 
 400 MB of hard disk space 
 128 MB of Ram 
 DirectX Version 9.0b+ 
 Fully DirectX compatible Graphics Card with 64 MB Memory or more and Hardware 3D Acceleration 
 Direct X compatible Sound Card 
 16x Speed CD-Rom Drive 
 Please note that certain features of DarkBASIC Professional (such as vertex/pixel shaders) require a suitably powerful graphics card. Please check with your video card manufacturer before purchasing. 


Apple and Linux Based Machines
We are sorry but DarkBASIC Professional was developed exclusively for Microsoft Windows based PCs and will not run on any variety of Apple hardware or on Linux even under PC emulation. 

Playstation, PS2, X-Box, GameCube
Your DarkBASIC Professional programs will not work on any of the above consoles and they cannot be converted to do so. 
 

