Norton Internet Security 2007 v10.2

   Here we bring you the latest version of NIS 2007, many new features,
   most prominently is the long awaited Vista Support.

   What's New in Norton Internet Security 2007.2

    - Support for Vista.

    - Support for 64bit processors.

    - New look: Norton Internet Security 2007.2 features a new user
      interface that makes it easier to perform tasks, configure settings,
      and get help.

    - Fewer Alerts: When your computer is in a protected state, the
      Personal Firewall makes decisions about allowing and blocking
      communications to and from your computer. This automatic decision
      making process minimizes the number of notifications and dialog
      boxes that ask you what to do when a network event occurs.

    - Trust Control: Detects when your computer connects to a new network.
      You can then allow or block connections from computers that are
      connected to that network.

    - Security History: Security History lets you monitor the security
      tasks that your product performs in the background. In addition,
      alerts that you have received can be reviewed at any time in
      Security History. This means that if you cannot review an alert
      when you receive it, you can review it later in Security History.
      In addition, you can manage quarantined items in Security History.

    - Support for IPv6.

    - Performance Improvements: Network throughput performance, Boot
      time performance, memory usage, and user interface performance have
      all been improved.

    - Installation tasks have been streamlined.

   Key Features:

    - Automatically detects and blocks viruses, spyware, and worms.

    - Advanced phishing protection identifies and blocks fraudulent
      websites.

    - Rootkit Protection finds and removes hidden threats in the
      operating system.

    - Smart firewall blocks hackers and stops spyware transmitting
      unauthorized information.

    - Intrusion Prevention automatically shields newly discovered
      security vulnerabilities.

    - Network protection configures security settings when logged on
      at home, or on public networks.

    - Full System Scan performs a deep scan to remove existing viruses,
      spyware and other threats.

    - Norton Protection Center provides a central place to easily check
      overall security settings.

    - Includes protection updates and new product features as available
      throughout the renewable service period.

<------------------------------------------------------------------------------>

  INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS

    1. Unzip, Unrar, and run SymSetup.EXE

    2. DISCONNECT FROM THE INTERNET! THIS IS IMPORTANT!

    3. Run the installer, and run the keygen located in the EDGE dir.

    4. Copy the Product Key from the keygen to the Norton Setup then press
       the I Agree button..

    5. Complete installation and finally you will get to the activation,
       it's important that you are NOT connected to the Internet!
       Press the Next button.

    6. A message box will come up telling you that you need Internet
       connectivity to continue, just press the OK Button, and then press
       the Next button.

    7. You will get to a part where it's trying to connect to the Internet
       for online activation, after a while it will fail, this is fine,
       repeat this step again.

    8. After attempting to do online activation two times, it will fail.

    9. Select Phone Activation and press press the Next button.

   10. Now copy the 36 digit Request Code into the Request Code field in
       the keygen, no dashes or spaces just one long 36 digit string.
       Select how many years you want to license the software for, and
       press the Generate button to get your Unlock Code.

   11. Copy the generated Unlock Code to the Norton activation screen,
       then press the Next button.

   12. Enjoy a fully unlocked copy, and naturally DO NOT register this
       software with Norton, you can now reconnect to the Internet