Synopsis from AdultDVDTalk:

Scene 1: A pretty, slim blonde dressed in jeans and a parka is window shopping in a city street. She is walking around looking for somewhere to pee. She teases a couple of times by dropping her jeans behind parked cars. Eventually she chooses a spot on the road which is right out in the open, pulls down her jeans and squats. The camera zooms right in on her pretty pussy as she pees on the road.

Scene 2:

A very attractive brunette is walking near a busy city street, opposite two large apartment buildings. She enters a back alley through an open gate. Leaning against a wall with her feet apart, she pulls up her short black skirt to reveal she has no panties on. A man walking by seems quite surprised to see her bare pussy. She does look lovely, and she proceeds to do a standing piss that flows for nearly one and a half minutes. She must have had half a gallon in there. A couple more guys walk by as she is doing it, but they just smile at her and don?t say a thing. Hey, I?m sure I would have smiled too.

Scene 3: A voluptuous raven-haired girl is in a city square. She wears glasses, and a short, white dress under her winter jacket. There are some fairly impressive buildings, and lots of people around, but our girl is showing some signs of desperation. Lifting her dress, and pulling aside her panties, she lets it all flow onto the cobbled pavement.

Afterwards, she plays with her breasts and pussy while a guy in the background is wiping his car windscreen. He doesn?t notice a thing!

Scene 4: Another nice brunette is walking around an open air shopping mall. She is wearing a full-length grey coat, and gives us a quick flash to show she has only a bra and panties underneath. Shoppers are all around, but she finds a quiet spot to squat and pee on the ground.

Scene 5:

The blonde from scene 1, but this time she is wearing pretty white stockings with lace tops, a white blouse and short blue skirt. She stands at a bus stop to pull up her skirt and pee on the ground. A man is waiting at the stop, but he gets on a bus rather than staying to watch her. Me, I would have been happy to miss the bus. No problem though, she gets on the bus too, and sits in a seat with her legs spread wide. She gets out one breast and fondles it while she plays with her pussy.

Scene 6: The same blonde girl boards another bus. Now she?s wearing a jacket and a different skirt. She quickly unzips the jacket to reveal her bare breasts underneath. She masturbates and plays with her breasts as the bus drives around town. Warning: The box cover shows her peeing on the bus in this scene, but this is definitely NOT in the movie. SG really needs to know that they will offend a lot of customers by using fake box covers. Many people have nothing else to go on when they choose a movie, so if a hot scene they are expecting is missing, they may be angry enough not to buy again.

Scene 6A: Our girl has left the bus, so she pauses at the bus stop for another piss on the ground. Afterwards she rubs her wet pussy and licks her fingers. Yum!

Scene 7:

The blonde again, this time with her hair in bunches. She walks past three men sweeping the streets, and goes into a telephone booth. After a few minutes of messing about, she walks out and stands in front of the workmen, then pulls up her skirt for a standing pee. The guys stop work and watch her in amazement.

Scene 8: This time she?s in a pink top and jeans, looking really cute with her nipples showing. Some teasing as she walks around, then a nice rear-view waterfall.

Scene 9: The brunette from scene 4 is getting off a bus. She is nude under her leopard-look coat. In an open plaza near the bus stop she treats us to a pleasant standing pee.

Scene 10: We are back at the city square from scene 3, and the cute girl with glasses is still there. A male tourist approaches, consulting his map, and asks her for directions. Take note of this guys, always ask for directions, you never know what might happen!. He looks confused, so she decides to go along with him and save him from getting lost. She shows him the sights, but he seems more interested in her big natural tits, and soon has a handful. She approves, and gets them out for him, while a man passing by stops to watch. A couple in the background look very interested too.

She is soon giving him a blowjob and taking a golden shower from him at the side of the pedestrian walkway. Her own pee just goes on the ground. What a waste SG! They briefly fuck standing up, but it?s a bit uncomfortable, and they go looking for a better location.

Scene 11

: The couple from scene 10 take a short walk to a group of picnic tables in a small park. The city street is visible in the background only a few yards away. They try standing doggie for a while, then she gets on her back on the picnic table, with one leg up on his shoulder. He pulls out to shoot on her pussy. I got the impression that she didn?t really get much out of the whole experience.

Scene 12: A dark-haired girl pees behind a billboard next to a busy road while many people walk by in the background. She stays there to play with her breasts and jill off afterwards.

Scene 13:

The girl from scene 3 walks up to a busy city street corner. Pedestrians are walking by and a group of men are doing road repairs by the kerb. She pulls down her jeans and squats to pee on the sidewalk. Nice frontal view of her pussy as she lets go with a big river that runs all the way to the gutter. A road worker stares at her and smiles, so she flashes her boobs at him, and stands on the corner with her jeans around her knees, playing with her pussy. Quite an enjoyable scene.

Scene 14 & 15: Two girls walk down a quiet avenue. They separate to opposite sides of the street, and each does a standing pee.

Scene 16: The girl from scene 12 again, by a tree.

Scene 17: a short haired girl lets go under a freeway overpass.

Scene 18: A brunette girl, slim and pretty, walks along a street showing and fondling her breasts. She is in view of several large apartment buildings. Next to a parked Mercedes Benz, she unfastens her slacks and pulls them down, along with her panties. She poses in a nice spread legged squat, and the camera zooms in on her pussy as she pees on the ground. If you look closely you can see there is a wet patch in her panties. I love this. Anything that shows the girl was getting turned on by the scene is really hot.

Scene 19: The girl from scene 17 does it under the stairs at a tram stop.