ISO file / 2 hrs., 50 mins. + extras / Color and B & W / 

NTSC / 2004

Quotes from the DVD back cover:
     "Back by popular demand, 'Full Frame Documentary 

Shorts Volume 2' presents a brand new crop of quality 

shorts to audiences hungry for a second helping. The 

preeminent documentary film festival in North America, 

Full Frame (www.fullframefest.org) showcases over 100 

documentaries each year (in association with the 'New York 

Times' and a board that includes Martin Scorsese, Ken 

Burns, and Barara Kopple.) Featuring 7 new films that 

encompass a diverse range of topics and styles, this 

latest collection is your invitation to revisit Full Frame 

and experience the best of the best in documentary 

shorts!"

Crowfilm
by Edward P. Davee
     A captivatingly atmospheric and experimental film in 

the tradition of 'Winged Migration', CROWFILM is a 

multi-media celebration of the crow, its world, and its 

relation to ours.

Ms. Alabama Nursing Home
by Anne Paas
     A documentary about beauty, aging, and going for the 

crown, this touching and uplifting film follows and 

82-year old beauty queen on her quest to become MS. 

ALABAMA NURSING HOME.

Nutria
by Ted Gesing
     Irreverently hilarious, NUTRIA tells the story of the 

Argentine swamp rat that is both destroying the wetlands 

of Louisiana and rapidly becoming the region's latest 

culinary delicacy.

Album
by Barbara Bird
     Hauntingly personal and intimate, ALBUM presents the 

creation and destruction of a "typical American family" 

through the pairing of old silent home movies with 

revelatory oral commentary from the family members today.

Wood Island
by Kate T. Williamson
     An insightful observation on a community in East 

Boston adjacent to Logan Airport, WOOD ISLAND shows how 

religion, work, and tradition intersect amid the constant 

buzz of planes in a community seemingly unchanged by time.

Have You Seen This Man?
by Anna Boden and Ryan Fleck
     An exploration of New York City's post-modern 

consumer market, this smart and funny film follows 

artist/businessman Geoff Lupo as he advertises all over 

the city selling useless trinkets from pen caps to stale 

crackers.

Iwo Jima: Memories in Sand
by Beret E. Strong and John Tweedy
     Weaving interviews with survivors and extraordinary 

archival footage of Iwo Jima, IWO JIMA: MEMOIRIES IN SAND 

is a powerful and lyrical account of one of the deadliest 

battles of modern warfare."

DVD was compressed to 4300 MB (approximately 58% of 

original) using DVD Shrink. Publisher is Docurama 

(docurama.com).