Wouters Holst - It's a Wild World (1989)
80's electronic avant-garde

mp3 192 kbps

Hero Wouters (1950) and Bianca Holst (1955) started their collaboration in 1976 after meeting at Psychopolis/The Free Academy, the well-known but obscure art-institute in The Hague, where Hero was teaching electronic music and film-editing. From 1985 to 1991 they used the name Panta Rhei, giving many live-performances with Bianca's expressive voice and Hero's synths, tapes and electronics.

Although many of their concerts were recorded, apart from a few short appearances on sampler-discs and -cassettes of the time there is only one Panta Rhei-album available: Weird Duck (1998, initially released as a cassette in 1988, COM Records CD02). Nonetheless they reached a cult-state in the Netherlands, owing to their music on VPRO-radio and a remarkable 1990- televisionperformance.

It's a Wild World was recorded at de Wilde Wereld, a theatre run by students of the Wageningen University of Life Sciences. Bianca sang and used small stones for percussion-effects, Hero played his synths plus a Commodore 64 with his own Herosynth JJ64-software, turning this ancient personal computer into a double-joystick-controlled synthesizer-randomizer that produced nice random-drawings besides. Among his other assets were 2 cassettedecks with prepared tapes (as Wageningen lies amid the Dutch ?bible-belt?, he of course started the concert with the words of a confused reverend).

This album shows the avant-garde of the eighties at its amazing peak in a world that was confronted with the impact of computers, the first cd's and multi-channel television at the same time- dazedly coping with an outbreak  of data-overflow.

Bianca Holst studied at the Toneelschool Amsterdam to become an actress with Fact, Publiekstheater and Werkteater. Today she is performing as a composer and theatre-director with her ensemble Het Musisch Wu Wei Universum and Wouters Holst.  
http://www.biancaholst.nl

Hero Wouters was a composer of music for film and theatre who had fled Amsterdam to live in the country. Although he preferred to work as a solo-artist his other groups include Dada di Musica, The TWO, Angelos Obscuros (with Legendary Pink Dots-singer Edward Ka-Spel) and Nul Kelvin. 
http://www.herowouters.nl

01. Wilde Wereld part 1 - time 28.54
02. Wilde Wereld part 2 - time 22.53

Bianca Holst - voice, stone-percussion
Hero Wouters - Korg MS20, Korg 707, Roland JX 3P, Casio CZ 101, Hillwood rythmbox, tapes, Herosynth JJ64

Recorded may 11 1989 at de Wilde Wereld, Herenstraat 11 Wageningen. Wilde Wereld opus 323 ┬⌐ H.Wouters 1989 biem stemra

Foundation of Composers Of Superfluous Music - Stichting Componisten van Overbodige Muziek 
http://www.stichting.com
info@stichting.com

For more information on the music of Wouters Holst visit http://www.herowouters.nl/holst

The following torrents are available at http://www.stichting.com/sm

Hero Wouters: Death of Komarov (avantgarde electronics)
The TWO: Has it Ever Started (80's avant-garde pop)
