Title: Full Spectrum Warrior (c) THQ

Supplied by ....: HOODLUM 
Release Date ..: 2004/09/23 
Cracked by .....: HOODLUM 
Game Type .....: Action 
Packaged by ....: HOODLUM 
Image Formate .: BIN/CUE 
Protection ......: Securom 5.03.06.0040 
Number of CD(s) .: 3 

Game Information 

Based on a Training Aid developed for the U.S. Army, 
Full Spectrum Warrior is a squad-based, real-time combat: 
game that allows players to experience the intensity and 
gritty realism of urban warfare. 

As Squad Leader, take command and coordinate the actions 
of two infantry squads (Alpha and Bravo), leading them 
through a hostile urban warzone. An intuitive control 
scheme allows you to control up to eight soldiers in 
real-time as you outthink, outmanuevar and outgun enemies 
through 13 levels of intense combat. 

Featuring advanced AI, your squad will act like a highly 
trained infantry unit – with team members reactively 
responding to situations based on combat training and 
taking the appropriate formations based on combat 
situations. Learn and implement authentic combat 
tactics, battling enemies with an explosive arsenal 
of authentic weaponry and equipment. 

* This game is not sponsored 
or endorsed by the United States Army. 


Features: 
--------- 

- Innovative gaming experience combining Squad Based Combat 
and Real-Time Tactical action gameplay elements to create 
a unique gaming experience. 

- Gameplay based on the real-life Combat Infantry Doctrine 
and MOUT Combat Strategy, players will learn to utilize 
real-world combat tactics to command their Infantry squads. 

- Advanced squad AI – accurately simulating the reactions of 
soldiers in intense combat environments. 

- Explosive arsenal of authentic military weapons 
and equipment 

- Intuitive control scheme allows you to control 8 soldiers 
in real-time 

- Lifelike character animations and graphics, 
detailed special effects and cinematic quality cut-scenes, 
immersing the player further into the gameplay experience. 

Includes 2 Bonus Levels 

Installation 

1. Unrar 
2. Burn BINCUE`s 
3. Install game, use this serial: ****-****-****-**** 
4. Use the crack in the HOODLUM directory on CD1 
5. Kör så det ryker! 

uppkoppling
(Telia 8mit)