TRANCEZONE PRESENT'S:


[Artist]..::Armin Van Buuren
[Title]..: 10 Years
[Genre]..: Trance 
[Year]..: 2006
[Tracks]..: 21
[Quality]..:320kbps


					[Tracklist CD1]


1. Hymne
"Written as an opening track for Armin Only 2005 in Ahoy' Rotterdam with Jan Vayne. Originally released as a hidden track on the Shivers album."

2. Sail 
"Theme track for Armin Only 2005, based on the historic connection Holland has with water and sailing. This track was used for the campaign to promote a huge Dutch boat event called 'Sail', held in Amsterdam every 5 years."

3. Love you more (feat. Racoon) 
"New version of this beautiful song and nr. 1 hit by Racoon. Originally made for a one time live performance version during Armin Only 2005." 

4. Communication part 3
"Original version released as Armin ? Communication. This is an updated version of the track that has meant a lot for my career. Originally this version of the track was meant for my DJ sets only."

5. Yet another Day (feat. Ray Wilson) 
"I met Ray after a gig I did in Bathgate, Scotland. He's one of the best live performing artists and a truly gifted musician."

6. Burned with Desire (feat. Justine Suissa) (Rising Star mix)
"Originally written as a slow chill out track but I did this remix because people asked me if I could play it in my sets. My first attempt at writing vocals with the help of the lovely Justine." 

7. 4 Elements
Originally released as Gaia '4 Elements'.
"I did this track as the theme song for the '4 Elements' festival in Holland in 2001. The track contains references to all 4 elements."

8. Sound of Goodbye (Dark Matter remix) 
"Original mix previously released as 'Perpetuous Dreamer ? The Sound of Goodbye'. This is a previously unreleased mix of the sound of goodbye. A dancefloor favourite, people have been asking me a lot to release this mix."

9. Clear Blue Moon 
"Originally released as 'Rising Star ? Clear Blue Moon'. I wrote this track in the middle of the winter during my internship at the lawfirm I was working for. One of my personal favorites!"

10. Blue Fear
"Originally released as 'Armin ? Blue Fear'. This is where it all started for me 10 years ago. Made with only one sampler with 2 megabytes of internal memory. This track has meant the most for my career. It's the oldest track on the album and opened a lot of doors when it entered the UK charts."

11. Exhale (feat. System F)
"Written with the talented Ferry Corsten. Check out the video for this, recorded in central London and Coalville where we played a gig in the legendary 'Passion nightclub'."



					[Tracklist CD2]



1. Who's Watching (Tonedepth remix) 
"Vocals written and recorded in New York with the beautiful Nadia. The guitar part was recorded in Sweden and the original mixes were done in Holland."

2. Saturday Night (vs. Herman Brood) 
"New Version of the classic rock tracks by Herman and his wild romance, one the biggest rock artists in Holland and a big hit in the US in the 70s. I found a bassline while working on another track and the riff just worked perfectly with it. This track is the theme to a movie about his life."

3. Zocalo (feat. Gabriel & Dresden)
"Written and recorded with two of the world's best producers in their studio in San Francisco in March 2005. We named it after the local coffeehouse where we got our coffee's each morning while working on the track. This track always reminds me of Mexico."

4. This World is watching me (vs Rank 1 feat. Kush) 
"A brand new track made especially for this album with Rank 1 featuring the vocals of Kush. We always said we were going to do a track together one day."

5. Sunspot (feat. Airwave) 
"Written and produced with Laurant originally for his album back in 2003. Working with him taught me a lot about producing in general."

6. Touch Me 
"Originally released as 'Dark Star ? Feel me', later changed to 'Rising Star ? Touch Me'. Track I originally made as a B-side to a track called 'See me'. I opened with this track when I first played in Norway. It was the first time I ever played in another country."

7. Simple Things (feat. Justine Suissa) 
"Previously unreleased track with Justine. We wrote it in the same week as 'Wall of Sound', but I didn't have time to finish it for the 'Shivers' album. I love the harmonies on this one."

8. Shivers (Alex M.O.R.P.H. Red light dub) 
"The original of this track was 'birth of an angel' and was never supposed to be a vocal track until Raz & Adrian wrote this great hook with Susana. Great remix by Alex M.O.R.P.H."

9. Wall of Sound (Airbase presents Parc mix) (feat. Justine Suissa) 
"I told Justine I wanted to write about a different subject instead of romance or love for this track. This remix absolutely rocks every floor I've played it on."

10. Intruder (feat. M.I.K.E.)
"Written in Belgium with M.I.K.E. We both wanted to make something different and came up with this."


ENJOY:>