Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap is the third studio album by Australian hard rock band AC/DC, released in September 1976. All songs were written by Angus Young, Malcolm Young, and Bon Scott.

It was originally released on Albert Productions. A modified international edition was released on Atlantic Records in 1976.

Following up on the preceding Australian album, 1975's T.N.T., AC/DC delivered another crowd-pleasing recording with a number of fan-favourite songs, including the title track, "Squealer", "Problem Child", and others. Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap also contains some of the most controversial lyrics found on any AC/DC album.

Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap also led to more AC/DC appearances on Australia's Countdown music program, following those in support of High Voltage and T.N.T. These appearances included a live performance of the album's title track, as well as a music video for "Jailbreak".[1]

It's also worth noting that a song titled "I'm a Rebel" was recorded during this album's sessions in 1976, with music and lyrics written by Angus and Malcolm Young's older brother, Alex Young. This song was never released and remains in Albert Productions' vaults.

Angus came up with the title of the album when he watching and episode of Beany And Cecil. The antagonist, Dishonest John, carried a card that read: "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap, Special Holidays, Sundays and Rates".

Track listing

   1. "Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap" ? 4:13
   2. "Ain't No Fun (Waiting Round to Be a Millionaire)" ? 7:31
   3. "There's Gonna Be Some Rockin'" ? 3:17
   4. "Problem Child" ? 5:46
   5. "Squealer" ? 5:16
   6. "Big Balls" ? 2:40
   7. "R.I.P. (Rock in Peace)" ? 3:36
   8. "Ride On" ? 5:53
   9. "Jailbreak" ? 4:41

    * All songs composed by Angus Young, Malcolm Young, and Bon Scott.

Personnel

    * Bon Scott - lead vocals
    * Angus Young - lead guitar
    * Malcolm Young - rhythm guitar, backing vocals
    * Mark Evans - bass
    * Phil Rudd - drums
