10 Episodes captured from UKTV Documentary channel in November 2006. 
 Xvid 1-pass 640*480, mp3 lame 3.92 192Kbit/s, 9 mins per episode.

Episode descriptions and corresponding file names are numbered in the order these were recorded, this is almost certainly NOT the 'correct' order.

 1. Building a makeshift rucksack
	The survival expert dispenses knowledge on building a makeshift rucksack from natural materials
	such as nettle string, and advises on navigating in woods

 2. Lighting fires safely in the wild
	Ray demonstrates essential skills for survival in the wild, including a reliable method of 
	lighting fires safely and efficiently without the aid of matches or lighter fuel

 3. Natural first aid treatments
	The survival expert demonstrates his knowledge of natural first aid treatments, ranging from
	headache cures to bandages

 4. How to harvest food from a hedgerow
	The survival expert demonstrates his skills as he dispenses knowledge on how to harvest free
	food from a hedgerow, including fungal `chickens' and pignuts

 5. Unknown title
	Ray makes a sip well, fire-hardens a digging stick, makes a bushman ostrich omelette, goes 
	coke can fishing. Lindsay Cannon looks at caves in the peak district.

 6. How to make woodman's tea
	The survival expert demonstrates his skills as he explains how to use the versatile birch tree
	to make a refreshing sugary drink called woodman's tea, and Lindsay Cannon enjoys a spot of 
	mud-sliding

 7. How to light a life-saving fire
	The survival expert demonstrates how a stick, some moss and a bootlace can be used to light a
	life-saving fire, while Guy Lindley-Adams revisits his childhood with a walk along south-east
	England's chalk cliffs

 8. Unknown title
	He cooks up a feast of freshly caught rabbit, bakes a damper bread, and demonstrates how to
	filter water to make it	drinkable.

 9. Building snow holes in the Cairngorms
	The survival expert builds snow holes in the Cairngorms, while Lindsay Cannon goes sand
	yachting in Kidwelly

10. Building a woodland shelter
	The survival expert demonstrates his skills as he builds a woodland shelter complete with
	natural insulation and a bed made from a pile of twigs, and Lindsay Cannon goes `island 
	bagging' off the Scottish coast



