Believe Nothing (w Rik Mayall) - DVD5ISO - DutchSub - Complete Series
----
Adonis Cnut is the acknowledged 'cleverest man in the world': a self-adoring, ego-flexing, Nobel Prize-winning quadruple-professor at Queen Edward College, Oxford. Bored even by his own brilliance, he accepts an invitation to join the Council for International Progress, a concept sold to him, accurately, as 'a shadowy underground organisation which controls all the governments and corporations in the world and manipulates the fates of billions of people for its own purposes'. Aided by his manservant Albumen, Cnut begins to disseminate propaganda intended to manoeuvre people in ways to suit the Council's dubious ends, towards such modern-day foes as cloning and genetically-modified food. While he generally gets his way, Cnut is frustrated by his inability to achieve his coital goal with Dr Awkward, the college's professor of pedantics, a beautiful virgin who happens to think she is grotesque.

With much ado about modern life (the show's title embodied the writers' thinking) Believe Nothing was a satire on aspects of British and western-world culture at the beginning of the 21st-century, with spiked barbs tossed around fairly liberally - at TV soaps, the Daily Mail and so on - on top of which was laid a liberal dose of Carry On-like crudery. Similar in style to the same team's 1987-94 hit The New Statesman, and also to Whoops Apocalypse, the show stuck the boot into politics and public life, though it could be somewhat laborious in making its points and never took itself seriously enough to transmit any lasting message. The best moments came from more traditional areas - the dangerously-named Cnut's disturbing relationship with Albumen, an unbalanced individual seemingly blended from Baldrick and Uriah Heep, was enjoyably rumbustious, and the show also included numerous moments of brutality and violence reminiscent of Bottom. Indeed, Mayall's lead role was what we have come to expect from the man who gives consistently good value within a narrow field and, more than ever, comes across like a modern-day Terry-Thomas.

The series featured a number of interesting guest appearances, including Barry Cryer as a TV game-show host, Melvyn Bragg as himself and Rory Bremner - in a rare sitcom cameo - appearing as President George Bush Jr.
----
Here it is. 'Believe Nothing' is a very amusing series; Mayall plays an arsehole and is, as always, very good at it. I used DVD-shrink to bring this one down to DVD5; the episodes got to 65% and there isn't much else on the DVD. One audiotrack (English) and one set of subtitles (Dutch). 

Additional tracker: http://inferno.demonoid.com:3390/announce