Artist..............: Free System Projekt
Album...............: Impulse
Genre...............: New Age/Berlin School
Date................: 1996 (Reissue 2005)
Duration............: 71:53
Number of Songs.....: 7
Format..............: Monkey's Audio (lossless)

Free System Projekt - Impulse (1996) (Reissue 2005)

01 - Impulse - The Closening (9:58)
02 - Impulse - The Nightmare (9:50)
03 - Impulse - The Case (9:02)
04 - Impulse - The Opening (6:52)
05 - Impulse - The Relief (7:25)
06 - Impulse - The Opening Part 2 (6:49)
07 - And Then There Were Two (Bonus Track) (21:54)

Re-issue of the long out of print first ever FSP album with an excellent additional unique 21 minute bonus track



All the tracks are prefixed ?Impulse? and ?The Closening? opens exactly where ?Substance? left off with upbeat sequencing and genuinely strong melodic themes. The track lasts almost 10 minutes and the first 7 of dominated by electronic rhythms and searing synths. Then the mood changes as poignant chords are overlaid by piano refrains underlining the versatility available here. ?The Nightmare? presents luscious synth pads before embarking on another top notch sequential outing. Searing synth stabs punctuate the sound before an ambient interlude gives the piece chance to gather itself and initiate another sequenced assault. Again a superb lead motif appears to grab the attention and keep the track moving right to the last note. Bass sequencing is obviously a forte of FSP and this is amply demonstrated on ?The Chase?. Compositionally it?s a delightful collection of fairly disparate elements which together form a cohesive package. The sequence sections do bring to mind an ?in form? Chris Franke - ?The Park is Mine? sort of album. Sombre piano heralds ?The Opening? then out of nowhere a ballistic sequence forms and develops the track backed by a steady bass beat. Raw synth and choral vox add texture but again pride of place goes to the sequencing which mutates brilliantly in the background before being left in isolation for a glorious section. ?The Relief? presents some classic synth sounds and before long an equally classic racey sequence. Neat percussion sharpens the focus while silken refrains are utilised to close the piece. Finally ?The Closening Part 2? rides on infectious pulsations and breathey synths. Again the technique of leaving each element plenty elbow room works a treat, creating a transparent and dynamic experience Make no mistake this is a classy album crafted with an assured air. Sequencer fans will find this essential material, and melody is not short in supply either. All in all it?s a winning formula.
            
