Ocean's Thirteen


Directed by: Steven Soderbergh

Produced by: Jerry Weintraub

Written by: Brian Koppelman
David Levien

Starring: George Clooney
Brad Pitt
Matt Damon
Andy Garcia
Scott Caan
Don Cheadle
Casey Affleck
Elliott Gould
Bernie Mac
Al Pacino
Ellen Barkin
Eddie Izzard

Music by: David Holmes

Cinematography: Steven Soderbergh

Editing by: Stephen Mirrione

Distributed by: Warner Bros.

Release date(s): June 8, 2007

Running time: 122 min.

Country: USA

Language: English

Subtitles: Bulgarian

Budget: $85,000,000

Danny Ocean's (George Clooney) crew gather around a hospital bed where Reuben Tishkoff (Elliott Gould) lies after suffering a heart attack. A flashback to four weeks earlier shows Reuben meeting with Vegas' most hated businessman, Willy Bank (Al Pacino) on the construction site of their new hotel. After Reuben secures crucial deals for Bank, he is intimidated into giving up his part of the investment, a strategy often employed by the vindictive Bank in previous deals. The shock causes Reuben's heart attack.

The gang swears to take revenge on Bank by utterly ruining his hotel, "The Bank", on the night of its grand opening. They aim to rig the various games at the casino so the players will win instead of the house. Bank was forced to take some hostile investors onto his Board of Directors to open the hotel, and if the house does not make at least $500 million in the first quarter, Bank will be removed from the chairmanship of his own hotel. The team also wishes to destroy any chance of Bank's winning the prestigious Five Diamond Award, the highest distinction granted a hotel. All of Bank's other hotels have won this award, and he has purchased valuable diamond necklaces to commemorate the successes. He has already optimistically purchased a necklace for his new hotel as well.[/b][/color] 


File INFO:
       
*Release name: Oceans.13.2007.R5.Line.XViD-ViSUAL                          
*Release type: xvid                                                   
*Relase  CDS : 2                                                    
*Video       : 1498  kb/s                                         
*Audio       : 160  kb/s VBR MP3 
*LANGUAGE    : English                              
*Subtitles   : Bulgarian                                                
*Filenaming. : vis-ocenas13a.rar vis-oceans13b.rar
*SiZE        : 1,36 GB