The final Young and Dangerous film is a surprisingly intelligent triad drama that ends the series well, if not in an overly final manner.  
 Review
by Kozo:      The last Young and Dangerous movie arrives at last. Mr. Chiang (Alex Man) steps down and Ho-Nam (Ekin Cheng) is promoted to the head of the Hung Hing group. Meanwhile, Chicken (Jordan Chan) is nominated to take over the San Luen Group in Taiwan, but there’s infighting as everyone is after the big chair, except the former leader’s son (Peter Ho), who seemingly wants little to do with the whole triad business.
    Amidst all this, Chicken gets a marriage of convenience to Nanako (Anya), the daughter of Yamada (Sonny Chiba), the powerful head of Japan’s Yamada Clan. This consolidation of power is at the center of the whole shebang, as Chicken’s ascendance to the head of the San Luen Group would put the Yamadas (and even the Hung Hings) in striking distance of Taiwan. Then bad stuff happens, Chicken is suspected of many acts of treachery, and Ho-Nam arrives in Taiwan to act righteous and glower at everyone in sight.
     Yep, it’s the Young and Dangerous gang acting even more badass than ever, only now they’re much older and without the trappings of HK street crime. They wear suits, cavort in Tokyo and Taipei, and make multi-national political agendas their business. Somehow, the street kidz of Causeway Bay have ended up as the Corleones of Asia, only without the American Dream metaphor. Also, there isn’t much darkness permeating these movies. 
     As this is the final film, it would have been great to really shake things up, but usual suspects Manfred Wong and Andrew Lau refuse to tinker too much with the formula. Having Gigi Lai return (as a doppelganger for Smartie) is a nice touch, but it’s as far as the series will go to really bring everything full circle. Speaking frankly, having Chan Ho-Nam die for righteousness would be a marvelous touch, but we have to be content with the most intelligent but overstuffed entry in the series and the familiar presence of the whole gang. Wong and Lau have managed to bring back original cast members Michael Tse and Jason Chu (both as bad guys), and even Roy Cheung, who has the indignity of being the only cast member to die three times during the course of the series. 
    Ultimately, the film doesn't accomplish much more than the others did, though it is by far the most plot heavy of the bunch. We should give the Young and Dangerous movies credit because they’ve accomplished the following: propel Ekin Cheng and Jordan Chan to stardom, create a track record that got Storm Riders made, reinvigorate the career of Sandra Ng, and provide Francis Ng with the means for his position as one of Hong Kong’s best actors. Despite the eventual mediocrity of the series, I thought it was an entertaining, and sometimes even compelling pop-culture exercise. (Kozo 2000 
