Greatest Spirityal Teacher:

He taught a form of Monism, that God was in everything and everyone. There is no division between "God" and "not-God". People, even at their worse, are divine. He recognized Jesus Christ as having attained enlightenment, and believed that he survived his crucifixion and moved to India where he died at the age of 112. Osho was noted for reading very offensive jokes; some were anti-Semitic; others were anti-Roman Catholicism; others insulted just about every ethnic and religious group in the world. He explained that the purpose of these jokes was to shock people and to encourage them to examine their identification with and attachment to their ethnic or religious beliefs. His contention was that national, religious, gender and racial divisions are destructive.

----- 
http://www.oshoworld.com

============================


"These brilliant insights will benefit all those who yearn for experiential knowledge of the field of pure potentiality inherent in every human being. This book belongs on the shelf of every library and in the home of all those who seek knowledge of the higher self."
Deepak Chopra, Author of Ageless Body, Timeless Mind; Quantum Healing and Unconditional Life


"Osho is a mystical giant, a flowering of a unique intelligence and one of those rare humans ex-pressing himself with joy."
Paul Reps, author of Zen Flesh, Zen Bones




"Osho is the most dangerous man since Jesus Christ... He's obviously a very effective man, otherwise he wouldn't be such a threat. He's saying the same things that nobody else has the courage to say. A man who has all kinds of ideas, they're not only inflammatory-they also have a resonance of truth that scares the pants off the control freaks."

"Wit and playfulness are a tremendously serious transcendence of evil, and this is one thing that Osho understood better than any contemporary teacher that I can think of. Gurdjieff had an element of that in his teachings, but certainly in the past fifty years there has not existed a teacher in the world who understood the value of playfulness and wit quite so well as Osho."
Tom Robbins, author of Even Cowgirls Get the Blues, Still Life with Woodpecker and Jitterbug Perfume and others.


"Osho is an enlightened master who is working with all
possibilities to help humanity overcome a difficult phase in developing
consciousness."
The Dalai Lama


"When we wrote and prepared for shooting Vanilla Sky, I constantly checked in with Osho's insides. It is not so easy to present the unconscious mind with images and a story. Osho is the only one who can perfectly explain it all, the inner and the outer and that helped me and my team immensely"
Tom Cruise, actor


"I've been charmed from reading his books."
Frederico Fellini 


"I really got into Osho's books. I have always loved his
books. They were top notch."
Marianne Williamson, author 


"Within a few years from now his Osho's message will be heard all over the world. He was the most original thinker that India has produced: the most erudite, the most clear-headed and the most innovative. And in addition he had an inborn gift of words, spoken and written. The like of him we will not see for decades to come...He has to be judged as a thinker, and as a thinker he will rank amongst the giants."

"It is a religion for the irreligious, for the agnostic, for the unbeliever, for the rationalist."
Khushwant Singh, former editor of The Times of India; author and historian


"Osho is not trying to purvey information but a truth that bypasses conscious thought and all that belongs to it, just as the most important activities of human beings bypass the mind."
Bernard Levin, Journalist, commentator and writer


"A great mystic, a great philosopher.... In his own way Osho captured the essence of ancient wisdom, related it to contemporary needs, tempered it with the modern times and became a powerful messenger of eternal Indian thought and Indian wisdom." 
Dr. Manmohan Singh, former finance minister of India,




"Enlightened people like Osho are ahead of their times. It is good that more and more young people are now reading his works."
K. R. Narayanan, president of India


"Few people have understood India like Osho. It was an understanding at many levels. The philosophical, the historic, the purely emotional - and even the political and the literary, the wanton and the spiritual. His was a holistic understanding. An understanding that went beyond words, into the uncharted terrain of true love. For love was at the core of everything tht Osho believed in. It was the ultimate message he left for us. To discover, experience, savour life through love."

"He had provided us a rare insight into our lives and times. He has ridiculed us, pushed us...hurt us, and thereby, made richer human beings out of us. He made us think for ourselves; forced us to reject him, and by that act of rejection, brought us closer to him -and in a strange kind of way, closer to ourselves."
Pritish Nandy, JAIN TV presenter; former editor, and publisher of The Illustrated Weekly, India


"I read all his books."
Shirley MacLaine


"Osho?s books inspire me to meditate. They give me peace of mind."
Kapil Dev, cricketing super-star from India


"I have read most of [Osho's] books and listened to tapes of his talks, and I am convinced that in the spiritual tradition, here is a mind of intellectual brilliance and persuasive ability as an author."
James Broughton, poet, and author


"Osho gave his country and the world a vision, which one can be proud of."
Chandra Shekhar, former Indian prime minister


"He discourses with eloquent familiarity on virtually all the world's great mystics - Zen masters, Hassids, Sufis, Bauls, Buddha, Lao-Tzu, Jesus. Though he "knocks the mind," Osho is an intellectual's guru, and his message is aimed not at spiritual sheep but at rebels and risk takers - people who consider themselves intelligent, adventurous, and
independent, and want to be more so."
Annie Gottlieb, author of Do You Believe in Magic?


"Osho is a fountain of wisdom that never goes dry. This centuryís most original mind has created a new world for us humans to revel in, enjoy and remain ourselves through the pathway of love. Here is the quintessence of the wisdom of ages, the pure nectar of essential knowledge for mortals to acquaint with immortality."
Mr. V. N. Narayanan, editor-in-chief, Hindustan Times




"He is the rarest and most talented religionist to appear this century."
Kazuyoshi Kino, professor of buddhist studies, Hosen Gakuen College, Tokyo, Japan


"I have heard Shree Rajneesh and have been inspired by his talks. His works are sublimne and seek to liberate the soul of humans. Indeed his presentation is unique, his goal is great and his success in liberating each person from the mafia surrounding the soul is rewarding reading. The message that he had to deliver must reach everywhere. Ultimately salvation comes when one attains freedom from oneself. That, I believe, is the consummation which exposure to Osho may help."
Shri. V.R. Krishna Iyer, former supreme court judge


"Osho is one of Indiaís greatest mystics.... I see him as one of the worldís great teachers, thinkers, philosophers and guides of our times. I have enormous respect for his world vision and the kind of International Communities he is building. I have always felt his influence in my life."
Kabir Bedi, international film star


"I have never heard anyone so beautifully and playfully integrate and then dissolve the psychological problems which, for generations, have sapped our human energies."
Rev. Cain, chaplain, Churchill College Cambridge


"Today the messenger isn't there, and people are listening to the message: the message is something intelligent, useful. People find that it makes sense. So I think that's the real thing and people are actually listening to what he said."

"Here is somebody who fuses everything and makes it understandable to people, and it makes sense. And he also challenges very fixed beliefs, challenges religions which have tradition and ritual and so forth."
Aroon Purie, editor of India Today


"I fell in love with Osho's vision, when I visited the Osho Commune a few years ago. Osho's words have helped me when I was going through a difficult phase. Since then I was looking for an opportunity to pay my tribute.""
Jasbir Jassi, Punajabi Pop Star




"As a result of reading The Golden Future (and many other works by Osho) I would like to let you know that I completely and heartily support the vision of Osho. As a writer I hope that his words will reach the hearts of those who need them most. I have every faith in this result, because the words of Osho are loaded with the power of love."
Douwe de Groot, writer


"These books are really what people are looking for...they are even more relevant now than when they were spoken."
Michael Mann, chairman of Element Books


"He Osho is the greatest incarnation after Buddha in India. He is a living Buddha."
Lama Karmapa, late head of the Kargyupta, (or Red Hat) Sect of Tibetan Buddhism


"No one is more qualified to introduce the mystics than Osho, a man who stands out even in their exalted company. He speaks from his own experience, bringing his mystic predecessors to life, making them his contemporaries."
John Lilly


"Never before or after have I encountered anybody having such a harmonious and immensely creative view encompassing art, science, human psychology and religiousness. Certainly we would lack substantially without his vision of the new man." 
Dr. A. Schleger, Ph.D., Institute of Technology, Switzerland


"With Osho, words flow endlessly. Provocatively. Challengingly. In a hundred years more copies of Osho's works will have been printed than the Bible itself, till now the outstanding best-seller."
M. V. Kamath, former editor of The Illustrated Weekly, India




"His incredible taped discourse lectures and books have inspired me, and millions of others, on the path of self-evolution... He is like a great bell tolling, Awaken, Awaken, Awaken!"
James Coburn, actor


"Osho makes you free from the existing mind set...he is inclusive, not exclusive."
Mr. Nair, The High Commissioner for India to Singapore


"As you savor the chapters, you'll discover that Osho is like a Zen archer. Almost poetically he circles his target, surveying it over and over again from many positions before he draws back his bow and lets the arrow fly."

"Osho is one of the most important educators and philosophical and religious leaders in the late 20th century...I firmly believe that hundreds and thousands...would be thrilled, delighted and gain a new perspective on life by reading his books."
Robert Rimmer, author The Harvard Experiment & Proposition 31


"Indian mystic Osho has been one of the most successful mixers of Eastern philosophies with Western therapeutic techniques."
Russel Chandler, author of Understanding the New Age


"The Upanishads talk about ultimate wisdom, Osho tells you how to live it"
R.E. Gussner, professor of religion, University of Vermont, USA




"The teachings of Osho, in fact, encompass many religions, but he is not defined by any of them. He is an illuminating speaker on Zen, Taoism, Tibetan Buddhism, Christianity and ancient Greek philosophy... and also a prolific author."
Nevill Drury, Dictionary of Mysticism and the Occult, USA


"Osho has a unique identity of his own. Our worldly life can become more fruitful through meditation and people can evolve towards a better society with the help of Osho's wisdom."
Rt. Hon'ble Shri Girija Prasad Koirala, prime minister of Nepal


"Treatises on Buddhism are often dry and reverential, if not tediously scholastic, and if Osho's treatment is not canonical, it compensates by throbbing with life, humor, penetrating insight and the continual provocation to think for oneself."
Guy Claxton, author of Noises from the Darkroom


"Osho speaks the language of today's Yug Bhasha. His message is for the whole world."
Shri Krishnakant, vice-president of India,


"Osho is such a vision that stands for the welfare of the whole of humanity, transcending the narrow boundaries of religions. Though today's man is so caught up in his myriad problems, all of Osho's books and discourses suggest simple and easy ways for man's liberation."
Lokendra Bahadur Chand, the former prime minister of Nepal


"Trough my friend Deepak Chopra I came across Osho's books which gave me an other deeper shift in my life. I regret I did not met him in person, and I feel sorry the US Government missed such an opportunity back in 86."
Madonna, Singer and Performer,


"I was inspired by Osho's wisdom when I wrote the song 'How fragile we all are'; Reading his books gave me hope for humanity. It is a must for everybody to have a look into his words ....."
Sting, Singer and Preformer