This CD release of this album was made by Q101, which was sourced from their vinyl copy. There are NO official CD releases.

MACHINA II/The Friends & Enemies of Modern Music is an album by The Smashing Pumpkins that was released for free on the Internet on September 5, 2000. A sequel to MACHINA/The Machines of God, it is the sixth album from the Pumpkins, though there are many fans who remain ignorant of its existence because it was never commercially released. It consists of three EPs full of B-Sides and alternate versions, and one LP being the actual album. Both MACHINA albums are concept albums. At the time the album was released it was to be the final Smashing Pumpkins studio album, but as of the summer of 2006 the band has reformed and is in the process of writing a new album.

Virgin Records was unwilling to release MACHINA II/The Friends & Enemies of Modern Music so close to the first (and commercially unsuccessful) MACHINA. As is evident by the title, the band was fed up with Virgin. As a final farewell, and as a snub to the unsupportive label, it was released independently. Only 25 total copies were made. The vinyls were shipped via FedEx to several heavily active fans in the online community, with instructions to immediately redistribute it among the fans. Originally, the songs were intended to be the second disc of a double album instead of two separate releases. Virgin declined a double album from the band as the previous Pumpkins album, Adore, had not sold well.

(The Internet Archive, http://www.archive.org/details/machina.II.ver.Q101)

Disc 1

1. Slow Dawn
2. Vanity
3. Saturnine
4. Glass' Theme (spacey version)
5. Soul Power [James Brown]
6. Cash Car Star (Version 1)
7. Lucky 13
8. Speed Kills
9. If There Is a God (piano/vox)
10. Try, Try, Try (alt. music/lyrics)
11. Heavy Metal Machine (version I alt. mix)

Disc 2

1. Glass' Theme
2. Cash Car Star
3. Dross
4. Real Love
5. Go
6. Let Me Give the World to You
7. Innosense
8. Home
9. Blue Skies Bring Tears (heavy)
10. White Spyder
11. In My Body
12. If There Is a God (full band)
13. Le Deux Machina (synth)
14. Here's to the Atom Bomb

Creative Commons license: Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0