Obsession: Radical Islam's War Against the West

Almost 70 years ago, Europe found itself at war with one of the most sinister figures in modern history: Adolf Hitler. When the last bullet of World War II was fired, over 50 million people were dead, and countless countries were both physically and economically devastated. Hitler?s bloody struggle sought to forge the world anew, in the crucible of Nazi values. How could such a disaster occur? How could the West have overlooked the evil staring it in the face, for so long, before standing forcefully against it?

Today, we find ourselves confronted by a new enemy, also engaged in a violent struggle to transform our world. As we sleep in the comfort of our homes, a new evil rises against us. A new menace is threatening, with all the means at its disposal, to bow Western Civilization under the yoke of its values. That enemy is Radical Islam. 

Using images from Arab TV, rarely seen in the West, Obsession reveals an ?insider's view' of the hatred the Radicals are teaching, their incitement of global jihad, and their goal of world domination. With the help of experts, including first-hand accounts from a former PLO terrorist, a Nazi youth commander, and the daughter of a martyred guerilla leader, the film shows, clearly, that the threat is real.

A peaceful religion is being hijacked by a dangerous foe, who seeks to destroy the shared values we stand for. The world should be very concerned.

Home page: http://www.obsessionthemovie.com/	
-----------------------------------------------------
This is a great documentary though I don't agree with the following comment in the description:

"A peaceful religion is being hijacked by a dangerous foe, who seeks to destroy the shared values we stand for. The world should be very concerned."

mohammedanism was never a peaceful religion, it has always been a doctrine of vile hatred, war, plunder and rape. Just browsing through mohammedan documents like the koran and hadiths is enough to show this.

Please visit: 
http://www.faithfreedom.org/
for a more in depth look of this doctrine of hatred and to learn more about its sadistic raping , murdering, lying, stealing, slave-driving, ped0phile founder.	