Vinyl Flac Project
VFP-07022123 Brother, Can You Spare a Dime - American Song During the Great Depression
01 - Bing Crosby - Brother, Can you Spare a Dime.flac
02 - Deane Janis - The Boulevard of Broken Dreams.flac
03 - Rudy Vallee and his Connecticut Yankees - Life is just a Bowl of Cherries.flac
04 - Glen Gray and the Casa Loma Orchestra - In the Still of the Night.flac
05 - Kenny Baker - Love Walked In.flac
06 - Shirley Temple - On the Good Ship Lollypop.flac
07 - Big Bill Broonzy - Unemployment Stomp.flac
08 - Dick Powell - The Gold Diggers' Song (We're in the Money).flac
09 - Uncle Dave Macon - All in Down and Out Blues.flac
10 - The Delmore Brothers - Fifteen Miles from Birmingham.flac
11 - The Evening Breezes Sextet - The Coal Loading Machine.flac
12 - Bill Cox - NRA Blues.flac
13 - Woody Guthrie - I Ain't Got no Home in this World Anymore.flac
14 - Gene Autry - The Death of Mother Jones.flac
15 - The Almanac Singers and Pete Seeger - All I Want.flac
16 - Glenn Miller and His Orchestra - The White Cliffs of Dover.flac

The Vinyl Flac Project (VFP) is inspired by the Avant Garde Project (AGP) but with the idea of being open to everybody.  Everybody is encouraged to create VFP torrents and start sharing rare vinyl records. 

The twentieth century saw a vast body of music released on vinyl, which was never re-released in a digital format, especially works within the art music genres (classical, avant-garde, experimental, electronic, contemporary, jazz, blues, folk, world, ethnic, marginal progressive rock, early recordings, 78s, wax cylinders and other rarities.)  These records are in danger of being extinct, along with their historical and educational values.  

The amount of work required to digitize all music is enormous and only an internetwide collaborative effort can save these rarities from extinction.  So start contributing today.  Digitize your rare records before they go bad.  

The guidelines for VFP are pretty simple:
1. Each torrent should include a full record (or several), don?t make compilations.
2. Include a scan of the record cover (front and back) and preferably an OCR scan of the sleeve notes (jpg, txt, pdf, or any other standard format)
3. Save the files in flac (free lossless audio codec)
4. files should be tagged 
5. Track name format: track - artist - title.flac
6. Include this text file
7. In order to maintain a unique designation for each album, assign each VFP release a number in the following manner: YYMMDDHH (Year, Month, Day, Hour with two digits for each, use the 24 hour clock for the hour), for example VFP-07012205 would be the nnumber for a release that was uploaded on 22 Jan 2007 between 5am and 6am (don't worry aobut time zones)
8. Include the words ?Vinyl Flac Project" and the release number (VFP 07012205)? in the torrent comments to make searches easy.  Also include some information about the album - the more the better (track list, performers, and this text)


Thanks for saving the music
