ARTiST   : Slayer
ALBUM    : Christ Illusion
LABEL    : American Recordings
GENRE    : Metal

RELEASE  : 2006-08-01
STREET   : 2006-08-08

ENCODER  : LAME 3.90.3
QUALiTY  : 258kbps avg / 44.1kHz / Joint Stereo
SiZE     : 72.7 MB
PLAYTiME : 00:38:28

+ TRACK LiSTiNG +
-----------------

[#] [Track Name]                                                  [Time]

1.  Flesh Storm                                                    4:15
2.  Catalyst                                                       3:07
3.  Skeleton Christ                                                4:22
4.  Eyes Of The Insane                                             3:23
5.  Jihad                                                          3:31
6.  Consfearacy                                                    3:08
7.  Catatonic                                                      4:55
8.  Black Serenade                                                 3:16
9.  Cult                                                           4:40
10. Supremist                                                      3:51
                                                                  38:28


+ RELEASE iNFORMATiON +
-----------------------
The band was originally known as Dragonslayer before shortening its name 
to Slayer.  Contrary to what some believe, the name was not chosen as an 
acronym for Satan Laughs As You Eternally Rot; rather, this wording, 
found on the liner notes to Divine Intervention, was added as a 
backronym after the name was shortened.  Araya has jokingly stated that 
they chose Slayer because "it was cool, easy to chant". [3] The 
backronym might orginate from the line "Laughing as you eternally rot" 
from the song "Live Undead" (South of Heaven, 1988).

Slayer's first album, Show No Mercy, was released in 1983 on Metal Blade 
Records.  It contains fan favorites such as "Die By the Sword", "The 
Antichrist" and "Black Magic." It was essential in gaining the band a 
cult following and respect in the metal community.

The band's second release, the Haunting the Chapel EP, was considerably 
darker and more thrash-oriented than its predecessor, and is considered 
to have laid the groundwork for what the band's classic sound would 
become.  It opens with the now classic "Chemical Warfare," which is 
typically one of two songs the band plays as a live closer.

The band's second full-length release, Hell Awaits, expanded on the 
darkness of Haunting the Chapel, as hell and Satan were common song 
subjects.  Musically it is the band's most progressive offering, 
containing only seven tracks, three of which clocked in at over six 
minutes.  The intro to the album is a demonic-sounding voice repeating 
"Join us," reversed on tape to play backward, and ending with an ironic 
"Welcome back" before the title track proper begins.

After being offered a recording deal by Rick Rubin's Def Jam Recordings, 
the band signed and quickly began working on its third album with Rubin 
as co-producer.  The result, 1986's Reign in Blood, has been called a 
"thrash metal masterpiece" and even credited with almost single-handedly 
inspiring the entire death metal genre, at least in North America. 
Kerrang!  called Reign in Blood as "the heaviest album of all time".  In 
2003 Slayer played the album in its entirety throughout their fall tour 
(something they never did on the original album tour).  A DVD of one of 
these performances was released with the title Still Reigning.  Closer 
"Raining Blood" culminated with the band being drenched in a rain of 
fake blood.  In 2006 Metal Hammer named Reign In Blood their number one 
of their top two hundred albums in Metal Hammer's lifetime.  It also came 
in at number one in their top twenty thrash albums.

South of Heaven, released in 1988, marked a significant musical 
departure.  To contrast the aggressive assault put forth on Reign in 
Blood, Slayer consciously slowed down the tempo of the album as a whole. 
They also added elements like undistorted guitars and toned-down vocal 
styles not heard on previous albums.  Some critics praised the album as 
demonstrating Slayer's desire to grow musically and avoid repeating 
themselves.  But the new sounds disappointed some of the band's fans who 
were more accustomed to the style of earlier releases.  Even though fans 
remain divided on the subject, two songs from the album ("Mandatory 
Suicide" and "South of Heaven") have become almost permanent additions 
to the band's live setlist.  Following the release of South of Heaven, 
the band recorded a thrash-metal cover of Iron Butterfly's signature 
song, In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida.  This song was included on the soundtrack to 
the movie Less Than Zero.

The follow-up album, Seasons in the Abyss, was more of a return to the 
sound of Reign in Blood and was greeted warmly by fans.  A video clip for 
the title track had the band playing in the Middle East, shortly before 
the start of the Gulf War.  Vocal overdubs on "Temptation" and a child's 
voice pleading underneath the track "Dead Skin Mask" (about necrophile 
Ed Gein)?as well as the title track, which originally made use of a 
flute?were the most obvious signs of the band's growth.

A double live album, Decade of Aggression, was released in 1991, and 
aside from a brief tour the next year (including an appearance at the 
1992 Monsters of Rock festival at Castle Donington, nothing new would be 
heard from Slayer until 1994's Divine Intervention.  The new record 
boasted songs about Jeffrey Dahmer ("213," his apartment number) and 
Reinhard Heydrich ("SS-3") amongst other themes of murder and the evils 
of church and government.  Live Intrusion, a video of concert footage, 
was released the next year and features a joint cover of Venom's 
"Witching Hour" with Machine Head, who were Slayer's support on the 
spring 1995 tour. (Relations between Kerry King and Robb Flynn have 
since badly deteriorated.)

Undisputed Attitude (1996) found Slayer reaffirming their love for 
hardcore punk.  The band covered songs by Minor Threat, T.S.O.L., D.R.I., 
D.I., Dr.  Know, Verbal Abuse, and even Iggy and the Stooges.  Song's 
"Can't Stand You" and "Ddamm" were previously unreleased punk songs 
written by Hanneman in 1984-1985 while in an unnamed side project.  The 
album's ending track was an original song entitled "Gemini".

Diabolus in Musica (Latin for "The Devil in Music") was released in 1998 
and marked, along with an altered logo, a change in compositional style 
for the band.  This style incorporated a new groove into some song 
structures and fan reaction was divided.  Nevertheless, a successful 
world tour followed.

God Hates Us All, Slayer's most recent studio album, was released on 
September 11, 2001.  Some promotional material announcing the album title 
and release date drew an unintended connection with the 9/11 terrorist 
attacks.  They have also released a live DVD (War at the Warfield) and 
box set (Soundtrack to the Apocalypse) featuring rarities, live CD and 
DVD performances and various Slayer paraphernalia.

In 1996, a lawsuit was brought against the band by the parents of Elyse 
Pahler, who accused the band of encouraging their daughter's murderers 
through their lyrics.  The lawsuit was thrown out in 2001, for multiple 
reasons including "principles of free speech, [lack of a] duty and [lack 
of] foreseeability" - California Superior Court of San Luis Obispo 
County.

The band received their first Grammy nomination for "Best Metal 
Performance" on January 8, 2002.

Slayer's new album, Christ Illusion to be released on August 8th, 2006.
