Thunder - Laughing On Judgement Day @320K

Full-length album
EMI, released 1992
Genre: Hard Rock
Country: UK

Line-up:
Daniel Bowes - vocals
Luke Morley - guitar
Ben Matthews - guitar, piano and organ
Mark Luckhurst - bass
Gary James - drums and percussion

On this cd:
1. Does It Feel Like Love?
2. Everybody Wants Her
3. Low Life In High Places
4. Laughing On Judgement Day
5. Empty City
6. Today The World Stopped Turning
7. Long Way From Home
8. Fire To Ice
9. Feeding The Flame
10. A Better Man
11. The Moment Of Truth
12. Flawed To Perfection
13. Like A Satellite
14. Baby I'll Be Gone

Total playing time: 59:17

[quote=metal-observer.com]You want Rock, really earthy and slightly bluesy Rock of British descent? Then this is your next buy! "Laughing On Judgement Day" , second album by THUNDER, offers you just that - in very good quality!

Somehow the music on this longplayer has something timeless to it, you won't find any trend-s**t, no musical experiments or any superfluous fills, but basic, earthy Rock that directly goes into your blood-circulation!

This starts with the groovy opener "Does It Feel Like Love?" , you just cannot keep sitting still due to its directness. Guitars with a bluesy touch, pumping bass, straight rhythm, that's what "Everybody Wants Her" brings you, and in the chorus you'll get a full brass-section, The Big Bad Horns, that's got style! And singer Don Bowes can use his great voice to biggest benefit. The following ballad "Low Life In High Places" is most probably THE highlight of the album, at first very emotional, then with some nice electric guitars, but without damaging the special atmosphere. And it also has very good, thought-provoking lyrics that you should have read! Oh, all the lyrics of the album are really worth reading!

Bluesy undertones the relaxed "Laughing On Judgement Day" or the quite emotional (but not balladesque) "Today The World Stopped Turning" are further examples for the quality of the Britons' song material, while the ballads have their very own touch through the earthy feel and the strong voice of Don Bowes, which I cannot really put into words, especially "Like A Satellite" is a pure musical declaration of love!

A timeless Rock-album, that even now, nine years after its release, has not lost a tad of its appeal and nicely fits into any collection!