From http://www.rhino.com/store/productdetail.lasso?number=7906 :

In July 1969 The Doors played two concerts to packed audiences at the Aquarius Theatre on Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood, California. In addition, the day after the two concerts, The Doors used the Aquarius Theatre stage, still loaded with their equipment from the night before, to conduct a private rehearsal. Both of these concerts, as well as the private rehearsal, were recorded. Bright Midnight Records will release four titles made from these Aquarius Theatre recordings. This is the second of these titles. A 21-track 2-CD set of the complete show mixed and mastered from the original multitracks stored in The Doors Archive and presented unedited and in its entirety just as you would have heard it if you were sitting front row center. 

An Excerpt From Danny Sugerman's Notes: 
If you like The Doors now, and never saw them live, I'm here to tell you about the word on the street back in the late 1960s. It was "If you think their albums are good, you've got to see these guys live." The same integrity they captured so well as recording artists was always present, except that in concert, you never knew what Jim Morrison was going to do. The Doors were performance rock like no one ever before or since. Morrison's charisma and power came pouring off the stage, entranced, like the rest of us by the Doors music. Morrison appeared possessed, or, it was even whispered, insane... Everyone in the audience believed The Doors nailed it at The Aquarius. No more concert recordings would be necessary. But upon listening to the playbacks producer Paul Rothchild thought they could do better. Cautiously, more concert dates were booked to be recorded. These additional concerts, preserved on one-inch 8-track master tapes, will all be released in their entirety on Bright Midnight Records. Because The Aquarius Theatre started the process, Bright Midnight picks up here.

Bright Midnight Archives
This is the real thing, as The Doors played it, without intrusive overdubs or fixes. While technical glitches remain, and the tape sound is sometimes primitive, the performance quality and historical significance make Bright Midnight Archives releases essential in any Doors collection. Most Bright Midnight Archives releases are neither individually numbered nor limited editions.

-----------------------

MP3 VBR
Audiograbber 1.82
LAME 3.93

More to come...