Welcome to the cruel streets of Grand Central City, an urban       
jungle, steeped in Violence. Where ruthless gangs vie for power,   
and the police struggle to contain them. The Outlawz, led by "Big  
Dog", used to rule this city but were overrun in a power struggle  
by Justiss and the Headhunterz during the famous Gang Wars that    
occured some years earlier. The sears of these wars are still      
fresh.                                                             
                                                                     
Crime Life is a hard-hitting action game in which a young hopeful  
signs up to protect his homies from rival gangs in Grand Central   
City.                                                              
                                                                    
Fight fire with fire; hurt crime with crime. When even the cops    
assigned to protect you are corrupt, the only way forward is to    
take the law into your own hands.                                  
                                                                   
Tre, a typical inner-city kid from the wrong side of town, has   
just come of age in Grand Central City. Its Tres time to make a  
difference the only way he knows how, and the only way there is    
how, by serving the local gang.                                    
                                                                      
Of course being in a gang is never easy, but in recent years gang  
life in Grand City Central has become even harder. Full-scale      
street battles have only recently gone back underground, with the  
balance of power shifting from Big Dogs Outlawz to ambitious    
newcomers Grand Central Justiss led by Kingpin. In order to make 
a difference, Tre must know how to work all the old rivalries and  
form new bonds of trust to act in his favour.                      
                                                                       
The ultimate aim of Crime Life: Gang Wars is to make Tre a gang    
leader so he can lead his own homies into battle. If Tre can prove 
himself tough enough for the job, taking on tagging, general       
vandalism and theft as part of his  daily duties he can move on to 
bigger business and really start to turn things around. The action 
is primarily fighting, but in between there are cool cinematic cut 
scenes to fill in the story, with some dramatic turning points    
thrown in to catch you by surprise.                                
                                                                       
Features:                                                          
                                                                     
Rise up to the top of your gang and lead/order your crew into    
fights                                                           
Control and influence your gang during missions.                 
Strong moral storyline. Character focused narrative by a Film/TV 
Script writer                                                    
Over 25 story mode missions and a vast array of free play        
missions.                                                        
Sandbox play allows the player to freely interact with the game  
world. Undertake various criminal activities during free play    
Unique reputation scoring system                                 
Enter fight championships to develop your skills and make moves  
on the streets. Learn/Unlock moves in the fight championship     
Great audio effects including a Hip-Hop soundtrack and an        
immersive game world ambience.                                   
Hip theme based on modern day urban gang culture                 
Gives a taste of the best gangster movies                        
Mixes action and strategy with a detailed storyline