InterVideo WinDVD Platinum 8.0.6.24 full [serial] [multilang.][rar]

 WinDVD dost?pny jest w dwóch wersjach. WinDVD 8 Platinum pozwala na odtwarzanie plików kodowanych H.264 oraz VC1. Integruje si? tak?e z Media Center.
 WinDVD 8 Gold jest ubo?szy o te funkcje ? skierowany jest do osób, które potrzebuj? prostego odtwarzacza, albo takich, których sprz?t po prostu nie pozwoli na skorzystanie z funkcji udost?pnianych przez wersj? Platinum.Dok?adniejszy opis po angielsku.

 WinDVD 8 is the most advanced, most entertaining way to enjoy watching movies on your PC! As the world?s most popular software DVD player, WinDVD 8 continues the tradition of excellence by including the latest in high definition audio & video technologies, TrimensionDNM for the smoothest motion playback, and fun new features such as Quick Clip and Reverse Playback, to create the ultimate DVD experience. Imagine sitting in the theater with the full screen and the immersive surround sound entering your ears. WinDVD 8 gives you the same sensation, the total indulgence of cinematic experience - either at home or on the road. Whether it\'s a Hollywood movie, art movie, or a home video clip, WinDVD 8 gives you the full power over the viewing and listening experience. 
 InterVideo Launches WinDVD 8 With Windows Vista Compatibility and High-Definition Video/Audio Technologies! WinDVD 8 takes video and audio playback to the next generation with Windows® Vista(TM) compatibility. Offering an unprecedented list of new and expanded features, the new version delivers the smooth, crystal-clear video and rich surround sound users have come to expect from WinDVD.
 WinDVD 8 is available in two versions. WinDVD 8 Platinum will appeal to power users who want the latest audio/video technologies, such as H.264 and VC1 support, and the ability to integrate with the Media Center and UPnP home networking. WinDVD 8 Gold is designed for movie lovers and business travelers who just want an easy way to enjoy high-quality movie playback. Both versions are Windows Vista-compatible.

The World\'s #1 DVD Playback Software
- Superior Audio & Video Technologies
- Future proof with H.264
- Media Sharing for Home Networking
- Universal Player
- Entertaining Hits: QuickClip 2, Visualization, Interactive Panel

Features of WinDVD 8.0 :

? Universal Player
A universal player, the Platinum version can be used to play back the latest high-definition file formats, such as MPEG2-HD, VC1, WMV-HD and H.264 HD, as well as all the standard-definition formats like MPEG-4, Real®, QuickTime and WMV (Windows Media Video). WinDVD 8 also extends its support for DivX® multimedia technology to deliver high-quality interactive video.

? UPnP Client and Server
Now WinDVD 8 Platinum supports UPnP home networks as Server or Client. Installing the UPnP Server that comes with WinDVD 8 Platinum, you can set up folders, set permissions, and make content available through the network. The Client plays back content from other UPnP-certified devices within a network. Both WinDVD 8 Gold and Platinum versions can serve as UPnP Client and work with other UPnP Servers available on the market.

? Multi-threaded & Mobility
WinDVD 8 supports Intel® Core(TM) 2 Duo, allowing multitasking while playing back high-definition video/audio formats. WinDVD 8 also features Mobile Technology, which helps users extend the battery life and playback time of mobile PCs based on Intel Centrino(TM) processors.

? Fun-to-use Tools
Like the previous versions, WinDVD 8 is also enhanced with the fun-to-use tools. Hitting the Boss Key instantly pauses and hides the player. WinDVD 8 also allows choosing color themes so users can personalize the look of the player to match their mood or desktop. Fun features such as \"Let Night\" or \"Broadway\" audio effects and QuickClip(TM) 2 for capturing video to save in GIF format are also provided.

? Go High-Def
As more and more high-definition Blu-ray and HD DVD discs are entering the market, InterVideo, as the technology leader in video and audio decoding, has complied with all the requirements for playing back these advanced disc formats in full, high-definition quality. WinDVD was selected as the player of choice for OEM customers like Sony and Toshiba, bundling the HD version with their first-to-market HD DVD and Blu-ray-capable PCs.

? Pricing and Availability
WinDVD 8 can be used with desktop and laptop computers running Windows® XP and Windows Vista(TM). WinDVD 8 Gold, the standard consumer edition, and WinDVD 8 Platinum, InterVideo\'s high-end version, is available at InterVideo\'s web site at www.intervideo.com and will be at retail outlets around the world within the next few weeks. The suggested list prices are $39.95 for WinDVD 8 Gold and $59.95 WinDVD 8 Platinum. Upgrades for current licensed WinDVD users will also be available on the InterVideo web site.