In the name of Allah, the Most Compassionate, the Most Merciful

"Description of Hell"

â?¦ In Ramadhan the gates of Hell are closed...
In Ramadhan Allah has some `utaqqa' (freed persons) from Hell...
What is this Hell that it is being told about so much ?...

Paradise and Hell had already been created and they exist now ...

When Allah created Paradise and Hell-fire, He sent Gabriel to Paradise, saying:
Look at it and at what I have prepared therein for its inhabitants. The Prophet (saws) (saws) said: So he came to it and looked at it and at what Allah had prepared therein for its inhabitants. The Prophet (saws) (saws) said: So he returned to Him and said: By your glory, no one hears of it without entering it.  So He ordered that it be encompassed by forms of hardship, and He said: Return to it and look at what I have prepared therein for its inhabitants. 

The Prophet (saws) (saws) said: So he returned to it and found that it was encompassed by forms of hardship. Then he returned to Him and said: By Your glory, I fear that no one will enter it. He said: Go to Hell-fire and look at it and what I have prepared therein for its inhabitants, and he found that it was in layers, one above the other. Then he returned to Him and said: By Your glory, no one who hears of it will enter it.  So He ordered that it be encompassed by lusts.  Then He said: Return to it.  And he returned to it and said: By Your glory, I am frightened that no one will escape from entering it. [at-Tirmithi and al-Hakim among others]

Paradise and Hell quarell 

The Prophet (saws) said, "Paradise and Hell (Fire) quarrelled in the presence of their Lord. Paradise said, 'O Lord! What is wrong with me that only the poor and humble people enter me ?' Hell (Fire) said, I have been favored with the arrogant people.' So Allah said to Paradise, 'You are My Mercy,' and said to 
Hell, 'You are My Punishment which I inflict upon whom I wish, and I shall fill both of you.'" The Prophet (saws) added, "As for Paradise, (it will be filled with good people) because Allah does not wrong any of His created things, and He creates for Hell (Fire) whomever He will, and they will be thrown into it, and it will say thrice, 'Is there any more, till Allah (will put) His Foot over it and it will become full and its sides will come close to each other and it will say, 'Qat! Qat! Qat! (Enough! Enough! Enough!). [Bukhari].......
