Robert Clark Seger (born May 6, 1945) is a rock and roll musician from Michigan. After years of local Detroit-area success starting in the mid-1960s, Seger achieved his greatest national success starting in the mid-1970s and continuing through the 1980s with the Silver Bullet Band. A roots rocker whose songs deal with blue-collar themes, Seger has recorded many rock and roll hits, including "Night Moves", "We've Got Tonight", "Like a Rock", and his iconic signature song "Old Time Rock and Roll", named one of the Songs of the Century in 2001. Though his last top 40 hit charted in 1991, Seger remains a popular concert draw who continues to perform and record today. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2004.

It's easy to divine Seger's influence on the music of Bruce Springsteen, and draw parallels with the vocal style of Van Morrison. The epic themes of Seger's characters on "Night Moves" certainly parallel those of the folk heroes who populate Springsteen songs (though he began developing his menagerie a good decade before the Boss). The chant-like, testifying cadences of Seger's blowtorch voice, and his predilection for gospelish motifs, puts one in mind of the mighty Celt's visionary flights.

And as the fine GREATEST HITS makes clear, Bob Seger's influence on contemporary roots music is enormous. A song such as "Like A Rock" practically defines a roots approach to power pop, while "Old Time Rock & Roll" finds Seger in an upbeat, Little Richard mode. Celebrations notwithstanding, "Still The Same" and "Turn The Page" are dark, unstinting unsentimental looks at the underbelly of the showbiz animal and the road. 

Category Rock, Rock/Pop, Hard Rock
Label Capitol / EMI Records 
Orig Year 1994 
Discs 1 
Street Date Oct 25, 1994 
Studio/Live Mixed 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 

Track Listing
 
  1. Roll Me Away 
  2. Night Moves 
  3. Turn The Page 
  4. You'll Accomp'ny Me 
  5. Hollywood Nights 
  6. Still The Same 
  7. Old Time Rock & Roll 
  8. We've Got Tonight 
  9. Against The Wind 
  10. Mainstreet 
  11. Fire Inside, The 
  12. Like A Rock 
  13. C'est La Vie - (previously unreleased) 
  14. In Your Time - (previously unreleased) 

Enjoy! and please seed..
Ekolb