Tom Jones became one of the most popular vocalists to emerge from the British Invasion.
Since the mid-'60s, Jones has sung nearly every form of popular music,
pop, rock, show tunes, country, dance, and techno,
he's sung it all. His actual style a full-throated,
robust baritone that had little regard for nuance and subtlety never changed,
he just sang over different backing tracks. On stage,
Jones played up his sexual appeal; it didn't matter whether he was in an unbuttoned shirt or a tuxedo, he always
radiated a raw sexuality, which earned him a large following of devoted female fans who frequently threw underwear on stage. Jones' following never diminished over the decades; he was able to exploit trends, earning new fans while retaining his core following.Born Thomas Jones Woodward, Tom Jones began singing professionally in 1963, performing as Tommy Scott with the Senators, a Welsh beat group. In 1964, he recorded a handful of solo tracks with record producer Joe Meek and shopped them to various record companies to little success. Later in the year, Decca producer Peter Sullivan discovered Tommy Scott performing in a club and directed him to manager Phil Solomon. It was a short-lived partnership and the singer soon moved back to Wales, where he continued to sing in local clubs. At one of the shows, he gained the attention of former Viscounts singer Gordon Mills, who had become an artist manager. Mills signed Scott, renamed him Tom Jones and helped him record his first single for Decca, 'Chills and Fever,' which was released in late 1964.
'Chills and Fever' didn't chart but 'It's Not Unusual,' released in early 1965,
became a number one hit in the U.K. and a Top Ten hit in the ...

Kenmerk Kenmerkwaarde

1. A lot of love
2. Hard to handle
3. Help yourself
4. Never tear us apart
5. You're right I'm left she's gone
6. Burning down the house
7. Delilah
8. She's a lady
9. Without love
10. Sometimes we cry
11. Crapped out again
12. Venus
13. If I only knew
14. You need love like I do
15. Mama told me not to come
16. Give me one reason
17. Am I wrong
18. A boy from nowhere
19. Never fall in loveagain
20. Green, green grass
21. Pussy cat
22. Leave your hat on
23. Sex bomb
24. It's not unusual
25. It's your thing
26. Are you gonna go my way
27. Kiss

Bron..........DVD
Menu.........Aanwezig
Beeld.........16.9 Widescreen
Geluid.........Dolby 2.0 Dolby 5.1 DTS
Extra`s.......Aanwezig
Speelduur.... 1 uur en 41 minuten (concert)
Subs...........Engels (songteksten)
Cover..........Bijgesloten