Disc: 1     
1. When I Needed You  Listen Listen   
2. Make It  Listen Listen   
3. Movin' Out  Listen Listen   
4. One Way Street  Listen Listen   
5. On The Road Again  Listen Listen   
6. Mama Kin  Listen Listen   
 See all 15 tracks on this disc 
 
Disc: 2     
1. Toys In The Attic  Listen Listen   
2. Round And Round  Listen Listen   
3. Krawhitham  Listen Listen   
4. You See Me Crying  Listen Listen   
5. Sweet Emotion  Listen Listen   
6. No More No More  Listen Listen   
 See all 18 tracks on this disc 
 
Disc: 3     
1. Kings And Queens  Listen Listen   
2. Milkcow Blues  Listen Listen   
3. I Live In Connecticut  Listen Listen   
4. Three Mile Smile  Listen Listen   
5. Let It Slide  Listen Listen   
6. Cheese Cake  Listen Listen   
 See all 20 tracks on this disc 
 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Editorial Reviews

"Aerosmith were written off by the pop pundits in the early '80s as a drug-ravaged bunch of Rolling Stones clones who would go down in music history as little more than a hard-rock footnote. The band, however, rose from the ashes to become an even mightier hit machine in the '90s, even if they ended up selling their soul to pop über-songstress Diane Warren in the bargain. This three-CD compilation is a marathon tour of their first glorious, casualty-ridden decade and a body of work that proudly wears its influences on its sleeve: Chicago and Delta blues, early R&B, the Yardbirds, Led Zeppelin, and, of course, the Stones. Virtually all the early hits and concert crowd pleasers are here, along with nearly two dozen rare, unreleased, and live cuts, thoroughly documented with refreshing doses of self-deprecation as it bravely traces the band's arc from Boston bar-band supreme to stadium superstars to seeming dissipation. If there's a gaping hole in the "A" section of your hard-rock library, this is a fine introduction to the Aerosmith that influenced a generation of musicians, stretching from Van Halen to R.E.M. to Guns N' Roses." --Jerry McCulley 
