


The One Eyed Dude 

  delivers you with


:. title .:

.::  Curse: The Eye of Isis (c) DreamCatcher ::.


:. ripped .:

nada, janix,nix,nothing


:. About .:

Curse is a dramatic horror action adventure based around the 
mysterious disappearance from a museum of a priceless 
Egyptian statuette 'The Eye Of Isis'.

Become Dr. Darien Dane or his assistant Victoria Sutton, 
as you investigate the mysterious disappearance of an 
ancient sacred Egyptian statue from the British Museum. 
This unique statue is protected by an evil curse that resides 
within it, that causes madness, or violent death, to all those
who come in contact with it. The Curse manifests itself by 
raising the dead and animating diabolical objects. It is up 
to you to find and return the cursed statue to the pyramid 
that it should never have been taken from. Are you up for the 
challenge and the race against time

A breathtaking game that combines suspense, terror and action!

Immerse yourself in 7 distinct worlds - each more terrifying than the last.

Everything is against you, as even the most insignificant of objects 
will come alive and try to kill you! 

Third person gameplay and action phases in first person view point. 

Fight the evil Curse with an arsenal of weapons including: 
a shotgun, rifle, pistol, truncheon, crossbow, flame-thrower and mortar gun. 

Play as both Dr. Darien Dane and Victoria Sutton, each with their own 
missions to complete


:. SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS .:

Windows 98/2000/ME/XP 
600 MHz or equivalent 
128 MB 
4x CD/DVD-ROM Speed 
700 MB available Memory 
Direct3D compatible video card with true Hardware Transform and Lighting capability 
DirectX 8.0a compatible sound card 
Keyboard, Mouse 

:. GameSite .:
 
http://www.dreamcatchergames.com/dci/curse/index.html




:. Install .: 

1:. unrar, mount, install...
2:. copy the crack from /Crack dir to your installation directory
3:. Enjoy...





Special Info Note:

Some virus-scanner recognize the header of packed exe's as a lame virus (coz it's

the mostly byte by byte check error of 'em!).

This is truly a false information!. a so called false positive, 

you can read all about in your virustool manual or website!.



