
                  FA-18 Operation Desert Storm (c) GMX Media          
                   - ----------------------------------- -                
                                                                           
      
  Jump into the cockpit of the Navy/Marine workhorse fighting machine-the
  F/A-18 Hornet. Now you can fly the most prolific carrier-based aircraft
  in the Coalition arsenal. Load up with precision guided munitions and
  bring the forces of freedom to bear on the Iraqi regime of terror.
  Fly above a thousand square miles of stunningly realistic satellite
  image-based terrain. Look through your canopy and see the same environment
  that Coalition fighter pilots navigated during Operation Desert Storm.
                                                                                 
  Features:                              
  ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ                                 
  * Beautiful and realistic satellite image-based terrain covering over 1000
    square miles of Iraq, Kuwait, Iran and the Persian Gulf.
  * Realistic simulation of the F/A-18 Hornet aircraft flight dynamics and
    instrumentation.
  * Realistic carrier operations including carrier launches and landing using
    the Meatball and Instrument Landing System. Landing Signal Officer
    giving you voice progress reports and instructions during your carrier
    landings.
  * Sophisticated enemy pilot and SAM site operator AI (artificial
    intelligence.)
  * Beautiful atmospheric effects with the sun, clouds, fog and haze.
  * Fully 3D cockpit with working instruments enhances the realistic feel.
  * Use one of many preset armament loads for specialized missions or create
    your own.
  * Multiplayer via the Internet or LAN.

  
                                                                    
                        Ü Ü  Ü  ÜÜÜ ÜÜÜ  ÜÜ  Ü   Ü                       
 þ ß ÜßÜÛÜßÛÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÝÝ Û ÜßÜß ßßÜÜ  Ü  ÛÜÜÛ Û   Û   ÞÞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜÛßÜÛÜßÜ ß þ
                        ß ß  ß ßßß   ß  ß  ß ßßß ßßß                      
                                                                        
   
   
    1. Unrar                                                              
    2. Burn BINCUEs                                                      
    3. Install      
    4. Play!                                                             
                                                                         
