Artist     : Richard Burmer
Album      : Invention
Source     : CD
Year       : 1992
Genre      : New Age
Label      : American Gramaphone

Codec      : Lame 3.90 
Quality    : CBR, 256kbps, stereo

ID3-Tag    : Yes, Version 1 & 2.3



Included   : This Info-File (NFO)
             Playlist (M3U)
             Frontcover

Tracklisting
------------
01 (5:56) Kingfisher's Day
02 (6:18) Promise Of Return
03 (4:39) Curio Dance #1
04 (5:10) Landing
05 (5:05) Settle Near The Sun
06 (5:21) Inventor
07 (7:53) Walking Summer To Sleep
08 (4:38) Easter Eye
09 (2:47) Curio Dance #2
10 (5:06) This Picture Will Never Fade

Playing Time : 52:53
Total Size   : 97.0 MB


Credits:
Recorded and mixed at The Base
All compositions by Richard Burmer
Performed, Engineered and Produced by Richard Burmer
Co-produced by Michael Hoppe
Instruments - EMU systems Emulator III, Emulator II, EMAX, EMAX II, Proteus 1, Proteus 2, Roland JX-10, KORG M1R, and assorted percussion
Jon Claussen: Guitar on "Promise of Return."
 
"Kingfisher's Day
Awakened by the dawn, the lake is ready, the reeds to the left stand as if they were spectators whilst all await the unfolding of the forum for Kingfisher's Day.

Promise of Return
A point where one reaches the thought, "I have to go back just one more time."

Curio Dance #1
Music inspired by the thought of inanimate objects coming alive, each one with its own story and character on display as if it was their premire debut.

Landing
When it happens, they'll be landing in the fields like gypsies in love.

Settle Near the Sunset
Late afternoon will bring about the decision to rest for the remainder of the day and night near the sunset.

Inventor
This piece began with the thought of how I create some of the textures, techniques and voices I use in my own compositions. As time altered this piece, the term "to invent" became the main drive.

Walking Summer to Sleep
A composition dedicated to the season and its changes into Autumn. So if one could take summer like a large, theatrical curtain and draw it across time, or walk it as if it were an infant into its final state of rest, this would be the reason why this piece was created.

Easter Eve
This originated with musical phrases that came to me during Easter some years ago. It was difficult completing the whole composition when it relates to such a high-level as resurrection and the night before.

Curio Dance #2
A slower version of the theme in #1 and a final return to their natural shape and location.

This Picture Will Never Fade
Composed to acknowledge the period of time during August '78 to November '88. It was the duration in which Debby and I resided on the West Coast. Beautiful friends, beautiful places, and moments to never forget."

