In the beginning there was the word. There was a vibration, a wave of activity, conscious activity, and realization. From the self realization of infinite conscious abstract potential came all that is, all that was and all that will be. Everything is, was, and will forever be one. So, with that in mind and a natural urge to channel creative energy into a tangible form, these songs and visual manifestations were brought into awareness with the intent to bewilder, inspire, and, overall, initiate some sort of thought, new to the individual and interesting. Let it be known that when I started composing music and producing visual art the possibility of making money from it seemed absurd, possible yet silly, the idea of selling personal expression and creativity. But growing up in the conditions that I have and am still growing through, I almost see no other positive choice.



This project was conceived while I was still attending high school. After about 5 years of "off and on" experimentation/recording Neuron Dreamtime had manifested itself into a tangible form.



I had trouble categorizing my music till I discovered Brian Eno and his self coined genre, Ambient. 
If I had to sum the style up into one word it would be ?Ambient?. 
Having progressive rock and roll as my main music taste and inspiration,
I find it ironic that the music that I channel onto a computer hard-disk comes off as ?ambient?. 
But it all comes so natural to me once I?ve snared a fleeting idea or feeling; the songs almost seem to build themselves. 
I?ve also thought of it in terms that the songs already exist in the realm of possibility, that realm of infinite abstract potential. 
All I do is channel that intangibility into tangibility. 
The results are pulsing soundscapes of abstracted music theory and intangible thoughts.

With every piece I?ve done now I?ve sort of embedded it with a single true intent, the intent to inspire. 
To inspire thought, images, feelings, ideas, people, and even myself. 
I see it almost as my honor, right, and duty as an artist to help human consciousness in some form, on some level. Much of the music in the mainstream today feels stale, overused and layered in self centered financial intent. 
I haven?t really heard much that sounds like the stuff I?ve produced, most ?ambient? ?new age? ?easy listening? ?meditative? music sounds similar and, like most other genres, stuck in a rut. 
I can say without ego and with an open mind, that most of this music is unique, an acquired taste? Maybe, ?Ignorable as it is interesting?? Yes, at least I feel it to be.

It was my wish to create and inspire and since we live in a world that revolves around money and you need it to make any I have come to terms with selling myself, the art and the ego attached to it. 
I?m fine with it, cause it means that the possibility of some one listening, reading, or viewing to become awakened or inspired. 
I and others find the music great to listen to while drawing or doing some other creative endeavor. 
I find the songs pleasant to listen to before bed, after awaking, or while daydreaming. 
The idea is to turn the attention within. 
The infinity that is within is what is responsible for the reality with-out.

I have many inspirations that have fueled my creativity, on all sides of the arts. 
Pink Floyd, Tool and A Perfect Circle (works of Maynard James Keenan in general), Brian Eno, King Crimson, Beethoven, the list of music inspiration goes on and on in both directions. 
In literature the novels of Philip K Dick, the experiences and musings of Terence McKenna, and the teachings of Osho are amongst my reading material alongside Emerson, Blake, Poe, Lewis Carroll and many more. 
I also find inspiration in a lot of comedy the two most inspiring Bill Hicks and George Carlin. 
Recently included in my list of inspiration is everyone involved with and related to a certain movie dealing with quantum physics and spirituality merging titled ?What The Bleep!?: Down The Rabbit Hole?. Finally, last but certainly not least, my family, mainly my mother for opening my mind and introducing me to the wonders and questions of life.

I want to thank everyone involved in my reality and, also, much thanks goes to CDBaby and it's staff for doing what they're doing.



-LRM- -Neuron Dreamtime-



PS There is static rising... a new project... with a friend/collaborator... it's different... we've coined the genre... Ambidustrial... coming soon.

ARTISTS NOTE: It is recommended to listen with headphones whenever possible. You get more of a panoramic depth. 
Also, since it was a first for me, with what little "equipment" was available, and since about half of the files were low quality .wav files from Junior year in high school, the "mastering" proved tricky. 
But none the less I think it holds its own a whole "experience".



May I also remind you: "Ambient Music must be able to accommodate many levels of listening attention without enforcing one in particular; it must be as ignorable as it is interesting." ... praeterea!





                  fabula occulte