Elvis Aaron Presley (January 8, 1935 ? August 16, 1977), was an American singer, musician and actor. He is often known simply as Elvis, and is also called "The King of Rock 'n' Roll", or simply "The King".

Presley began his career as a singer of rockabilly, performing country and rhythm and blues songs. He developed a versatile voice and sang a combination of country music and blues with a strong back beat, and an energetic delivery - one of the earliest forms of rock & roll. He also had success with other genres, including gospel, blues and pop. Presley set many records for concert attendance, television ratings and records sales. He subsequently became one of the best-selling and most influential artists in the history of popular music.

Though his appearance had worried many for several years, his death shocked his fans worldwide. It later emerged that Presley had complex and chronic health problems, including a severe and enduring prescription drug addiction. His death sparked widespread mourning, and controversy.

ELV1S: 30 #1 Hits, released in late 2002, was the first Elvis album to go straight to #1 in the Billboard charts with 500,325 copies sold in its first week, and his 10th album chartopper since 1956. In compiling the album, four different charts were used--Billboard, Cashbox, New Musical Express and Record Retailer. The album has sold more than nine million copies worldwide, topping twenty-six charts around the world. As of December 2005, it has been certified as 4X Platinum by the RIAA.

The album actually contains another number one hit, the smash hit "A Little Less Conversation" being added at the last minute, following its reaching of the top of the UK charts. It also includes classics such as "Hound Dog", "Suspicious Minds" and "Can't Help Falling in Love". The follow up to this album was 2nd to None, which was a collection of Elvis' songs which didn't make it to number-one.

By reaching the top of the Billboard charts, the album made Elvis Presley the only solo artist in US recording history to reach the top of the album charts in four different decades, the others being the fifties, the sixties and seventies. It also ensured another record for Elvis, that of the longest span ever achieved between #1 album chartoppers, or forty six years between his first #1 album, entitled "Elvis Presley", and this 2002 release. This album was heavily supported by Rolling Stones detractors, because it knocked off the spot the then-new compilation Forty Licks, which it reached #2 in the UK, the US, and even most importantly, on the United World Chart for successive weeks.

Track listing
"Heartbreak Hotel" 
"Don't Be Cruel" 
"Hound Dog" 
"Love Me Tender" 
"Too Much" 
"All Shook Up" 
"(Let Me Be Your) Teddy Bear" 
"Jailhouse Rock" 
"Don't" 
"Hard Headed Woman" 
"One Night" 
"(Now & Then There's) A Fool Such As I" 
"A Big Hunk o' Love" 
"Stuck On You" 
"It's Now or Never" 
"Are You Lonesome Tonight?" 
"Wooden Heart" 
"Surrender" 
"(Marie's the Name) His Latest Flame" 
"Can't Help Falling in Love" 
"Good Luck Charm" 
"She's Not You" 
"Return to Sender" 
"(You're the) Devil in Disguise" 
"Crying in the Chapel" 
"In the Ghetto" 
"Suspicious Minds" 
"The Wonder of You" 
"Burning Love" 
"Way Down" 
"A Little Less Conversation (JXL Radio Edit Remix)" 

Released September 24, 2002 
Recorded January 10, 1956 ? October 29, 1976 
Genre Rock 
Length 79:34 
Label RCA 
Producer(s)  ? 

Enjoy! and please seed..
Ekolb