
Elton John - Live In Australia With The Melbourne Symphony Orchestra [1987, 1990, 2007]


Recorded live in Sydney, Australia on December 14, 1986.

All tracks have been digitally remastered. 

Elton John spent much of the '80s in a whirlwind of personal upheaval and his musical unevenness included working with lyricists besides Bernie Taupin (an unthinkable notion during their run at the top of the charts during the '70s). EJ went for a fresh start by auctioning off all the costumes and props that he'd become renowned for during his over-the-top live shows. Right before doing this, the flamboyant entertainer revisited the past one more time by recreating his greatest hits live using orchestral accompaniment.

The resulting LIVE IN AUSTRALIA found the John donning a powdered wig and 17th century garb to lead this ensemble, along with members of his regular touring band. Older material such as "Burn Down The Mission," "Madman Across The Water" and "Take Me To The Pilot" is particularly breathtaking as presented in all its symphonic splendor while more obscure numbers such as "Have Mercy On The Criminal" and "The Greatest Discovery" remain odd yet interesting choices. The oddest result of this album's release was that "Candle In The Wind" unexpectedly became a hit 14 years after its original release. A slightly rewritten version dedicated to the late Princess Diana repeated this trick a decade later.

Tracks:

1. Sixty Years 	
2. I Need You To Turn To 	
3. The Great Discovery  
4. Tonight 	
5. Sorry Seems To Be The Hardest Word 	
6. The King Must Die 	
7. Take Me To The Pilot 	 
8. Tiny Dancer 	 
9. Have Mercy on The Criminal 	 
10. Madman Across The Water 
11. Candle In The Wind 	 
12. Burn Down The Mission 	 
13. Your Song 	 
14. Don't Let The Sun Go Down On Me 	

Release dates: 
1987 - LP and MC
1990 - CD
2007 - HDCD - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/High_Definition_Compatible_Digital



The album is really great but pity that EJ did not play the piano but he used a Roland keyboard instead :-/ Anyway, believe me that the album is worth your bandwidth :-D


The music was ripped from the 2007 release. As usual everything is tagged, encoded with Ogg Vorbis aoTuV at Q8 and the cover is included. Ogg Vorbis is a format which can be played gaplessly just use the m3u file included to the release.

Enjoy!