The FSX technology of AI Traffic! 

MyTraffic X Version 5.1 is a giant step forward compared to previous versions and a huge leap towards fully using FSX\'s multitude of new possibilties. All included airports and schedules are in the FSX-format. About one third of the included aircraft types are already in the new, highly optimized FSX Service Pack 1 format, pairing unprecendented optical quality with ultimate performance.

Features: 

3.850.000+ weekly AI Flights - MyTraffic 2006 includes over 3,850,000 (yes, that\'s correct - more than three million) AI flights between 8,100 airports in all regions of the world. These flights include international, national, regional, commuter, general aviation, cargo, amphibian airlines, military and touch and go circuits. 

Flights are generated based on real world data and on a realistic model - All traffic is generated based on real-life traffic patterns. You will see airlines at airports and hubs which are consistent with their real-world operations. MyTraffic X also includes a set of long range flights based on published airline schedules giving you a high level of realism without the boring uniformity of products that restrict themselves solely to published schedules. 

8,100+ Airports bustling with AI Traffic - MyTraffic X flies AI Traffic between more than 8,100 airports in all corners of the world. All aircraft behave realistically during different phases of their flight. Parking positions are also assigned in an accurate manner. For example, airliners will taxi to their gates, cargo aircraft will park at cargo positions situated near the respective airport cargo facilities. AI Traffic will behave in the same way even at add-on sceneries, provided that they are fully FSX compatible. 

Touch and Go flights into more than 100 small airfields. 

Airliner, General Aviation and Military Traffic - With MyTraffic X you get yourself the only AI Traffic generator that treats all three types of aviation traffic with the same priority. You will not have to compromise one for the other! And not only for current schedules, even going back in history to the beginning of the jet age. 

3000+ Liveries - MyTraffic X includes well over 3000 aircraft liveries and this number will keep growing, coming from more than 1400 different airlines (among them military units located at their home bases). 

140+ Aircraft Models - From Boeing to Yakolevs and Cessnas to Embraers, MyTraffic includes them all. All models are created with GMAX optimized for high frame rates even at very busy airports. Most of these aircrafts have been overworked in GMAX specially for FSX, to remove display errors as well as to increase performance beyond the one offered by Microsoft stock planes. Bringing realistic AI traffic to all parts of the world, MyTraffic can be oftenly observed to provide better performance even with more aircrafts around you than FSX stock AI traffic. 26 aircrafts with more than 1000 paints already are created from scratch in the new format introduced with Flight Simulator X Service Pack 1. 

Simplicity is the key - MyTraffic X is simple by virtue. We do not overload our add-on with an unnecessary array of features, menus and other distractions. It is our philosophy to keep MyTraffic X as simple to use, yet as powerful as possible! 

MyTraffic X Editor is an advanced AI Traffic configuration utility allowing the generation of thousands of flight plans at the click of a button, all based on user adjustable parameters. Capable of recognizing geographic regions, country borders, and the history of airline fleets, the editor makes sure that you see the right traffic in the right region. 

MyTraffic Communicator is a tool to support the user to get to information, to support, to repair installations that got broken, and to download updates and patches. 

MyTraffic X 5.1 comes bundled with MyTraffic 2006 version 4.1, the ultimate version of the award winning series of MyTraffic versions for FS9, superior to all other packages in quantity, quality and most important performance. Featuring 166 aircraft series with more than 3100 paints on 6500+ airports, all kind of traffic can be found, even traffic on aircraft carriers. 

This bundeling enables you, the user to have a simple transition from FS9 to FSX, with highly optimized traffic packages for each of them. Whether you stay with FS9 for a longer time, wantt to migrate immediately, or want to run both in parallel, this bundle is the right answer to your needs.

------------------------

please note. if you don\'t like this add-on (hell, even I don\'t like it myself), that\'s fine, just go search for some porn and jerk off. no messages like \'these models suck man, bla bla bla is so much better\' there ARE people out there who want this. I sometimes get more downloads and thank-yous for Perfect Flight and Abacus add-ons than anyone can imagine. if you like it, download it. if you don\'t like it, stay away.