10 Classic Books Included in Pack:

20,000 Leagues Under The Sea:


Originally published in 1870, Verne?s amazing undersea adventure is one of the earliest science fiction novels ever written. Since that time, generations of readers have plunged below the ocean?s waves with Captain Nemo and his first-ever submarine, The Nautilus. It?s a voyage of exploration and the imagination.







How To Use Your Mind

Educational leaders are seeing with increasing clearness the necessity of teaching students not only the subject-matter of study but also methods of study. The recognition of this condition is taking the form of the movement toward ''supervised study,'' which attempts to acquaint the student with principles of economy and directness in using his mind. It is generally agreed that there are certain ''tricks'' which make for mental efficiency, consisting of methods of apperceiving facts, methods of review, devices for arranging work. Some are the fruits of psychological experimentation; others are derived from experience. Many of them can be imparted by instruction, and it is for the purpose of systematizing these and making them available for students that this book is prepared.




Japanese Fairy Tales






Mademoiselle of Monte Carlo

The Master of Mystery waves his magic wand again. In this book the strange inter-relationships between the "upper crust" and the underworld are revelaed with convincing realism. Besides the elusive "Mademoiselle," we come in tantalizing conact with the "Sparrow," the incredible super criminal whose emissaries and operatives baffle the greatest detectives of Europe.






Planet of the Damned

Hugo nominated in 1962, originally published in Analog Science Fact-Science Fiction as "Sense of Obligation." Brion has just won the Twenties, a global competition to test achievements in 20 categories of human activities -- but before he can enjoy his victory he's forced to leave his homeworld to help salvage Dis, the most hellish planet in the galaxy.







Pride and Prejudice

Austen's finest comedy of manners portrays life in the genteel rural society of the early 1800s, and tells of the initial misunderstandings (and mutual enlightenment) between lively and quick witted Elizabeth Bennet and the haughty Mr. Darcy.






The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes

I. A Scandal in Bohemia
II. The Red-headed League
III. A Case of Identity
IV. The Boscombe Valley Mystery
V. The Five Orange Pips
VI. The Man with the Twisted Lip
VII. The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle
VIII. The Adventure of the Speckled Band
IX. The Adventure of the Engineer's Thumb
X. The Adventure of the Noble Bachelor
XI. The Adventure of the Beryl Coronet
XII. The Adventure of the Copper Beeches






The Art of Public Speaking






The Hacker's Dictionary







War & Peace

The novel tells the story of a number of aristocratic families and the entanglements of their personal lives with Napoleon's invasion of Russia. As events proceed, Tolstoy systematically denies his subjects any significant free choice: the onward roll of history determines happiness and tragedy alike.