NFO:
------

.. Allstars present :

    King Kong

.. iNFOS :

    Rel.Date.: 11/04/05
    Platform.: PS2
    Genre....: Action/Adventure
    Source...: PAL
    Languages: DE/DK/ES/FR/FI/IT/NL/NO/SE/UK
    Format...: .iso
    Size.....: 1 DVD


.. gAME iNFOS :

    Acclaimed game creator Michel Ancel and the Montpellier studio
    collaborate with triple Academy Award-winning filmmaker Peter Jackson
    and visual-effects company Weta Ltd. to develop Peter Jackson's
    King Kong, a video game that will capture the imagination, vision and
    emotion of the epic film.

    Delve deeper into the film experience through alternative viewpoints
    designed to immerse the player into the action and truly "feel" the
    tension of the adventure.

    Key Features

    * Unprecedented Alternating Gameplay
      Battle for survival on Skull Island in first-person as Jack Driscoll
      AND experience the staggering power of King Kong in third-person taking
      on massive beasts.
    * Cinematic Quality
      By integrating Weta assets directly into the game engine, and taking a
      true cinematic approach, from both a visual and audio perspective,
      players are thrust directly onto the Skull Island where the dark
      jungles, over-sized environment and lurking danger become reality.
    * Cooperate with Your Expedition Team
      Each team member plays a crucial role and complements each other with
      valuable skills and abilities. The player relies on them and vice-versa
      to succeed. The unique resource management system keeps the action
      seamless and plausible while keeping items, weapons and assets readily
      available.
    * The Power of King Kong
      King Kong is one of the most powerful of all the creatures on Skull
      Island and players will learn first-hand what it means to be feared,
      respected and dominant. Kong will use both his agility and his raw,
      brute strength by any means necessary to battle enemies and navigate
      though the perils of Skull Island.
    * Experience All Key Movie Moments and More
      Journey through the explosive action of all the key movie moments, as
      Jack and Kong, and even explore the beautifully-rendered mysterious
      jungle environments not seen in the film.
    * Engage in Climactic Battles
      Intense and unbelievable battles with all creatures featured in the
      film challenge players' nerves and skills in fighting the savage beasts
      created by Weta - some of which are exclusive to the game.
    * Film Cast Likeness and Voice
      Full immersion into the dynamic King Kong universe realized via
      inclusion of film cast member's likenesses and voice-over.  

   Enjoy!

   - Allstars
