PMDG 737-800/900 The Next Generation simulation to the next level (found on WOS).

Product Features
New GMax 737-800/900 Models - Accurately modeled down to the smallest detail complete with high resolution textures, optional winglets and working windshield wipers.

Dynamic Virtual Cockpit - every switch and lever can be operated with the mouse
New Cockpit Graphics.

All 2D panel and virtual cockpit artwork has been replaced to enhance depth of image and add photo-based textures.

2D or 3D Cockpit - choose between 2D cockpit views and our dynamic virtual cockpit.

Complete Avionics - sharp vector graphic cockpit displays matching their real world counterparts with optional classic and Next Generation layout and functional lower display unit.

Aircraft Systems - 737-800/900 specific systems have been implemented such as pneumatics differences.

Optimized Performance - Many routines have been improved for the best PC performance to enhance your 737 experience.

Flight Management Computer (FMC) - interactive FMC operating to real world standards with many new features such as soft constraints, offset routes, optimal/maximum altitude calculations, realistic cost index, long range cruise option and many more.

Flight Model - Developed from scratch by our own aeronautics professional, the flight characteristics operate within a narrow margin of operator's specifications.

Sound Set - Recorded from the real flight deck, the sounds are complete from the powerful jet engines to the fire warning bells, even extending the speedbrakes in flight is noticeable.

Virtual Cabin - In addition to the virtual cockpit, a complete cabin is available for the best wing views when using Active Camera 2004
Operating Manual - Hundreds of pages including operating procedures, limitations and more Professional Features.

Autopilot includes VNAV, LNAV, FL CHG, Control Wheel Sterring (CWS), complete TCAS2 system, altitude/speed intervention.

Customizable Features - Select different pre-defined airline configurations, change units, flight director styles, display colors and more
New Documentation - Many items have been added to cover 737-800/900 data and FMC procedures
Load Manager.