Microsoft Entertainment Pack Two for Windows (PfP)
Windows Entertainment Pack: Volume Two
A Preserved for Posterity Release
November 4, 2007

As the name implies, Preserved for Posterity exists for the sole
purpose of preserving the past, well into the future. When PfP began,
we weren't too certain as to the best method of achieving this goal.
As a result, there are a few PfP releases floating around out there in
cyberspace that should probably be deleted and forgotten due to their
extreme inelegance and awful design. In fact, any PfP release prior to
October 1, 2007 should be considered Recycle Bin fodder! Uninstall and
delete those old releases and keep an eye out for much improved
replacements - You will not be disappointed!

Our intent is to locate old software, which is no longer available for
sale (this is typically referred to as Abandonware, Orphanware, or
some other such moniker) and create new setups (installers) which
allow these blasts from the past to function correctly on modern PC's.
To achieve this, we make the best possible use of tools such as
DOSBox, VDMSound and the ever present Windows Command Interpreter
(when working with MS-DOS applications). Improved installers are
created for older Windows based applications.

This release contains the original Microsoft Windows Entertainment
Pack Two for Windows 3.1. The original setup (installer) doesn't do
a very good job of installing on versions of Windows later than 3.11.
This is due to the fact that it is an early 16-bit Microsoft installer
that works well for Windows 3.xx, but not quite so well for later,
32-bit versions of Windows. To solve this problem, we have created
this 32-bit installer that should be compatible with all 32-bit
versions of Windows (untested on Vista). Remember, this is 16-bit
software, even though our installer is 32-bit. This may prevent the
software from being compatible with Vista, as we have heard that Vista
doesn't support legacy 16-bit sofware, however, we are at present
unsure of this. We don't currently use Vista, and have no immediate
plans to migrate to it. This software should function with Windows 9x,
ME, NT and XP without problems. Eventually, we will support Vista. In
fact, we could launch DOSBox within Vista, Install Windows for
Workgroups 3.11 (or other 3.x Windows) into DOSBox and install the
original Windows Entertainment Pack Two into that environment and it
would work. We have tested this method with DOSBox on Windows XP and it
works well and should also work with Vista as DOSBox is a 32-bit
application (this method is also possible within Linux using the Linux
version of DOSBox). Just thought we would give you a few hints on using
legacy 16-bit Windows software with Vista and Linux, in case the use of
DOSBox to run Windows 3.1 had not occurred to you.

This setup creates the following DIRectories (folders):
My DocumentsInno Setup Scripts
My DocumentsDisk ImagesFloppy1.44M
My DocumentsDisk ImagesFloppy1.2M
My DocumentsDisk ImagesFloppy720K
Program FilesMicrosoft GamesWEP

The WEP folder is the folder where the Windows Entertainment Pack Two
is installed. The 1.44M, 1.2M & 720K folders exist as part of our goal
of preserving the original software for posterity. Within the 1.2M
folder is a floppy diskette image of the original Windows Entertainment
Pack Two that we have. It was created using WinImage 8.10.8100 directly
from the original floppy diskette. The 1.44M folder contains a 1.44Mb
image of the Windows Entertainment Pack that we created from the 1.2Mb
diskette (we thought it would be convenient to have an image that
could be directly written to currently available floppy media without
too much hassle). Both diskette images are named WEP2.IMZ and require
WinImage or other diskette image tool for manipulation. The 720K folder
contains two diskette images (WEP2-1.imz and WEP2-2.imz) which were
created from a dual floppy distribution of Entertainment Pack Two (720K
floppies). The Inno Setup Scripts folder will contain the script used
to generate this installer via Jordan Russell's Inno Setup software.
This installer has been designed to completely remove itself when
uninstalled, with the exception of the Disk Images and Inno Setup
Scripts folders. These folders may be safely deleted at any time,
should you have no need or desire for the diskette images of the
original 16-bit installer and/or setup scripts.

The following program group will be created:
START>PROGRAMS>MICROSOFT GAMES>WINDOWS ENTERTAINMENT PACK>2
which will contain the following icons (games):
FreeCell
IdleWild
JigSawed
Paint 2.03 (from Windows 2.03 - added by PfP)
Pipe Dream
RattlerRace
Reversi 2.03 (from Windows 2.03 - added by PfP)
Rodent's Revenge
Stones
Tut's Tomb

We are certain that it will probably annoy some people that we are
including original disk images with these distributions. Other people
will be ecstatic. We would just like to say that in order to fulfill
our goal, the diskette images MUST be included. Certainly, some may be
annoyed that we are including the Paint and Reversi applications from
Windows 1.01, Windows 2.03, Windows 3.0 and Windows 3.1. ToastyTech.com
succeeded in patching the Windows 1.01 and 2.03 applications so that
they would function with later versions of Windows. The Windows 3.x
applications work with all later versions of Windows out of the box. We
decided it would be cool to include the Paint 1.01 and Reversi 1.01
with Entertainment Pack 1, Paint 2.03 and Reversi 2.03 with
Entertainment Pack 2, Paint and Reversi from Windows 3.0 with
Entertainment Pack 3 and Paint and Reversi from Windows 3.11 with
Entertainment Pack 4 (Note: Reversi 3.11 was NOT included with Windows
3.11, but was offered as a download from Microsoft, which is where we
got it).

Install and Enjoy these classic games on your modern PC! Look for more
PfP releases, with Entertainment Pack #3 following next.
PfP - November 4, 2007

The following information is from WikiPedia:  

Microsoft Entertainment Pack
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia

Developer(s) 	Microsoft
Publisher(s) 	Microsoft Game Studios
Distributor(s) 	Microsoft
Designer(s) 	Robert Andrews
Series 	        Entertainment Pack
Release date(s) 1990
Genre(s) 	
Mode(s) 	Single-player
Platform(s) 	Windows 3.x

The original Microsoft Windows Entertainment Pack (WEP) was a
collection of simply-designed computer games for Windows. These games
were somewhat unusual for the time, in that they would not run under
MS-DOS. Many of the games were later released in the Best of Windows
Entertainment Pack. There were four Entertainment Packs in the original
series.

List of games
Here is a complete list of the original Microsoft Windows Entertainment Pack titles:
    * Chess
    * Chip's Challenge
    * Cruel (a card game)
    * Dr. Black Jack
    * FreeCell (a card game)
    * Fuji Golf
    * Go Figure!
    * Golf (a card game)
    * IdleWild (a screensaver program)
    * JezzBall
    * Jigsawed
    * Klotski
    * Life Genesis (based on the Life simulation by John Horton Conway)
    * Maxwell's Maniac
    * Pegged
    * Pipe Dream (by LucasArts)
    * Rattler Race
    * Rodent's Revenge
    * SkiFree
    * Stones
    * Taipei
    * Tetravex
    * Tetris (Windows version)
    * Tic Tac Drop (basically a Connect Four clone)
    * TicTactics
    * TriPeaks (a card game)
    * Tut's Tomb (a card game)
    * WordZap

GameSampler
A version of the Entertainment Pack called the Gamesampler, small
enough to fit on a single high-density disk, was shipped as the 11th
disk in a ten-pack by Verbatim for much of the early 1990s, allowing
many users to acquire them as a freebie. Games on the sampler included
Jezzball, Rodent's Revenge, Tetris, and Skifree. A "Best of" disk of
several of the games was also available at times as a mail-in premium
from Kellogg's cereals.

    * Microsoft Entertainment Pack: The Puzzle Collection - a later
      collection for Windows 95:
      http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Entertainment_Pack:_The_Puzzle_Collection
    * Microsoft Arcade
      http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_Arcade
    * Best of Microsoft Entertainment Pack
      http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Best_of_Microsoft_Entertainment_Pack


Entertainment Pack for Windows Two (PfP) a.k.a. Windows Entertainment Pack Two (WEP2) 