This is the last version of what seems to be the most famous e-mail bomber program made during the time that email bombing was popular. I\'m uploading this because I hope that by spreading it to some other people, they might be able to keep it alive on the internet, because I think I was extremely lucky in finding a working download this time. (If you don\'t believe me, try searching on google or msn, or any other search site and find a working download of version 3.7) Its very rare and hard to find a full download of the last version (3.7) of this software.

There are two things you need to know when using this program.
1. Antivirus programs will flag (report) that the .exe file is a hacktool or another type of software and will delete it, preventing you from using it. If you want to use the program you will need to disable the antivirus before extracting the files and running it. I suggest you keep the .rar incase the .exe file gets deleted, so you can replace it again.
2. Most ISP providers block outbound port 25. This means that the program will not work with any SMTP (mail) server besides the one that your ISP has set up. The list below shows the SMTP server to use for some of the common ISP providers. If yours is not listed, try searching on google.

Warning: You could get in trouble if you are caught using this program to bomb someone\'s account. This usually will never happen unless you do it so much it crashes a mail server, so small scale attacks probably won\'t hurt, but be warned.

HELP UPLOAD THIS PACKAGE TO OTHER SITES, SUBMIT IT TO SEARCH ENGINES, AND KEEP SEEDING, SO THAT THIS PROGRAM WILL NOT FADE AWAY FROM THE INTERNET. OH, AND HAVE FUN WITH IT OF COURSE!

ISP - SMTP Server
People PC mail.peoplepc.com
Optimum Online mail.optonline.net
MSN smtp.email.msn.com
EarthLink mail.earthlink.net
Verio mail.verio.net
Comcast / ATTBI smtp.comcast.net
Cox smtp.west.cox.net/smtp.east.cox.net
Many others
Bellsouth mail.bellsouth.net

Post a comment if you have any problems or just want to give some advice.