JAH WOBBLE

Born John Wardle, Wobble was an old friend of Sex Pistols singer Johnny Rotten. When the Pistols broke up, Rotten formed Public Image Limited, and Wobble became the bass player. After the group's first few albums, Wobble had a falling out with Rotten (now Lydon) and guitarist Keith Levene and departed for a solo career, also collaborating with artists such as Can members Jaki Liebezeit and Holger Czukay and U2's the Edge. Wobble's solo repertoire ranges from pop to pseudo-reggae to difficult-to-listen-to experimentation. In the late '80s, his career took a downward direction, and he had a job sweeping train stations. He began listening to foreign music from places like North Africa, the Middle East, and Eastern Europe and formed Invaders of the Heart with guitarist Justin Adams. The single "Bomba" brought Wobble back to the public eye in 1990, and he collaborated with Sinead O'Connor and Primal Scream in addition to releasing the Invaders of the Heart album Rising Above Bedlam in 1991. Three years later, he released Take Me to God, which featured a number of guest appearences from the likes of Gavin Friday. In 1995, he released Psalms, which was followed in 1996 by The Inspiration of William Blake. In 1997 Wobble formed his own label, 30 Hertz, to release Jah Wobble Presents the Light Programme. Umbra Sumus appeared the following year. In 1999, Wobble released Deep Space, which featured appearences from Bill Laswell and Jaki Leibezeit. Full Moon over the Shopping Mall followed in the spring of 2000 and Molam Dub was issued later that fall. Passage to Hades appeared in spring 2001.



1. Rising Above Bedlam

The second album by Jah Wobble's Invaders of the Heart continued the bassist's exploration into ethnic fusion, merging together music from different world traditions with pop production and his own dub-influenced bass guitar. Fans of Wobble's earlier work with Holgar Czukay and Public Image Limited might be surprised and a bit dismayed at first by the glossy production and pop nature of some of the tracks here; one would never have guessed that Wobble would come up with something as commercial as the Latin pop of "Ungodly Kingdom." However, much of the music is remarkable and on each listen seems to contain something new. Wobble is far more interested in experimentation than simply adding world sounds to pop music. The tracks with Middle Eastern influences, including the amazing "Everyman's an Island," are quite remarkable and most feature the fine talents of Natasha Atlas. Meanwhile, the trance-like opener, "Visions of You," which guests Sin? O'Connor on vocals, is absolutely beautiful. On the title track, Wobble even returns to his past, with he and guitarist Justin Adams bringing the sound of early PiL forward ten years.


01. Visions Of You                                                                                                      
02. Relight The Flame                                                                                                   
03. Bomba                                                                                                               
04. Ungodly Kingdom                                                                                                     
05. Rising Above Bedlam                                                                                                 
06. Erzulie                                                                                                             
07. Everyman's An Island                                                                                                
08. Soledad                                                                                                             
09. Sweet Divinity                                                                                                      
10. Wonderful World           

Label: Warner Music
Date: 1991




2. Take Me To God

It's nice to see a new release from Wobble, the first actual new set since the wonderful Rising Above Bedlam. This album continues the mix of world music elements, adding rather more trance dance and techno than the previous album. Still, it's a shifting collage of sound that pulls you from Algeria one moment to Jamaica the next and then manages to mix India with Ireland. There seems to be a little more balance this time, too, with far less drastic shifts. Congenial fun, good to dance to, and a terrific album to have playing all the time.


01. God In The Beginning                                                                                                
02. Becoming More Like God                                                                                           03. Whisky Priests                                                                                                      
04. I'm An Algerian                                                                                                     
05. Amor                                                                                                                
06. Amor Dub                                                                                                            
07. Take Me To God                                                                                                      
08. The Sun Does Rise                                                                                                   
09. When The Storm Comes                                                                                             10. I Love Everybody                                                                                                    
11. Yoga Of The Nightclub                                                                                               
12. I Am The Music                                                                                                      
13. The Bonds Of Love                                                                                                   
14. Angels                                                                                                              
15. No Change Is Sexy                                                                                                   
16. Raga                                                                                                                
17. Forever

Label: Island
Date: 1994



BITRATE: 320

My cd-rips (EAC and Lame)
Covers Included






Enjoy,Seed and Share