Freeworlds 1.66 is here after a year and a half in development!
 
For those who don't know anything about Freeworlds, here is what Freeworlds 1.66 changes from the original Freelancer:
 
No Original Freelancer Systems. Instead, there is 18 new 'game' systems, including:
Alderaan, Bastion, Beshqek, Bespin, Bilbringi, Corellia, Coruscant, Hoth, Imperial Check Point, Japreal, Kessel, Kuat, Mandalore, Mon Calamari, Naboo, Tatoo, Yavin and Y'toub.
Plus there is four hidden easter egg systems, a separate PvP Arena System and a unique new Nexus system that introduces a completely new method for beginning multi-player Freelancer games, ensuring that you begin with the right rep, ship and in the correct system for the faction you wish to play.
 
No Freelancer Factions. Instead, all NPC factions have been changed to those based on Star Wars and the Star Wars Expanded Universe, including them all flying ships appropriate to their factions. NPC Factions include:
Rogue Squadron, Jedi Order, New Republic Security, Mandalorian Warriors, Imperial Research, The Sith Order, Independent Traders, The Krath, Sienar Fleet Systems, Arakyd Industries, Kuat Drive Yards, Naboo Security Forces, BlasTech Industries, Mandal Motors, Trade Federation, Techno Union, Gungans, Commerce Guild, Golan Arms Corporation, GeneTech Laboratories, Naboo Diplomatic Corp, Death Watch, Disgruntled Spice Miners, Smugglers, Rebels, Black Suns, Independent Miners, Civilians, Bounty Hunters, New Republic Navy, Imperial Navy, Imperial Elite, Hutts, Corellian Sector Authority, Corellian Security Force, Corellian Engineering Corporation, Human League, Disac Pirates, Peace Brigade and Ssi Ruuk.
 
No Freelancer Weapons and Equipment. All have been changed to weapons that are more in line with the Star Wars universe, including SFS weapons for the Imperials and Taim and Bak weapons for the New Republic, plus many others. Power Packs and Sensors are mountable equipment now and different models are available to be purchased.
 
No Freelancer Station models. We have over 100 bases in the mod, many of which are space stations. A large portion of these were built using Aldebaran's Modular Station Project, which means each of these stations looks unique and different in its design while also having some of the best fitting hit boxes currently available for custom space stations without needing to build completely new sur files. In addition to the modular stations, we also have some capital ships set up as stations plus some other stations (like Centerpoint and the Golans) which are based on their actual Star Wars design (some of these are modular too).
 
No Freelancer Rooms or Planetary Landing scenes. That's right, every THN (that is room scenes and planetary landing scenes) has been replaced by new ones. Though we admit we have had to use some generic ones (especially some of the Space Station decks and the bars) we plan to expand the variety with the expansion packs. In the meantime, many of the planets have their own custom built planetary cityscape with landing and taking off cut scenes.
 
Brand new Cockpits and Bridges. Many of the ships now have custom built cockpits and bridges based on Star Wars designs.
 
Brand new NPC costumes. Freeworlds already had Stormtroopers, Wookies, Mon Calamari, Mandalorian's and several other NPC models. We have increased this range now with new models including costumes based on designs from the movies and games, such as Twi'leks and Clone Troopers. Oh, and look out for Darth Vader and Darth Maul hanging around somewhere.
 
No Freelancer ships. But... over 300 new ships. Let me repeat that. Over 300 ships, based on Star Wars and its expanded universe, including some designs that have only been seen in sketches or concept sketches before and that we have not seen done as models anywhere else (like Mara Jade's Jade Saber that was built for her by Luke SkyWalker). These all have engine glows built to fit them and are built in scale to one another according to the best sources we could find. This includes ships from as small as Astromech droids, to normal fighters and freighters, right up to capital ships like Imperial Star Destroyers. We also have the a new concept that we are developing in allowing player flown Fighter Squadrons with wingmen that can be blown up separately to the lead vessel. This is still a concept proto-type, but if the TIE-Fighter Squadron proves popular / successful, we will include more fighter squadrons in the expansions.
 
Over 250 tradeable commodities built into a complex and rescaled economy system that works on a ladder system to build you up to the more valuable trade commodities.
 
New graphical options available upon loading the mod so you can play the game in the style you prefer, whether you want to have Freelancer Style starscapes and nebula, or starwars style, ambient lighting on, or off, large capital ship turrets visible or not, views centered to the ship or to the cockpit (effects some ships like the YT-1300 which has an off centered cockpit) and whether you want your hyperspace effect tailored for fighters or capital ships.
 
Approximately 300 new News and Rumor items scattered throughout the bars in the galaxy, all based around the Star Wars universe and the adventures of the people playing on the Freeworlds servers these last few years. News items have new images to go with them.
 
New sounds that are more Star Wars like.
 
We have included Argh's adjusted special effects files, that add slightly subtler enhancements to the special effects in the game.
 
Open Singleplayer (developed by Chips, modified for Multiplayer only mods by Argh) has also been included. There are also Open Singleplayer options available upon mod activation.
 
Brand new HUD (heads-up display), plus several other HUD mods of different colors built by Ston will be installed into the Freelancer Mod Manager when you install the Freeworlds v1.66 mod pack. These mini-HUD mods should be compatible with most mods, not just Freeworlds 1.66, and will change the appearance of your HUD display, just activate the mods after you activate your main mod first.
 
Plus numerous other changes that have been made, you will have to play the mod to find out. A large number of thanks is owed to a lot of people who have made this the ultimate of the Total Conversion mods a possibility. See the images below for how much of a gem this mod really has become.