

The One Eyed Dude

delivers you with


:. title .:

..:: ShipSimulator 2oo8 .english. -(.direct.play.)- ::..



:. ripped .:

Nuthing, nada, nix, niet, janix, ...fixed some minor bugs (.dll s)



:. about .:


Ship Simulator is a Simulation game that puts players at the helm of 
some of the most varied and detailed ships to be found at sea, all set 
within stunningly realistic 3D environments. 

Players can take control of a wide array of ship types, from massive 
cargo ships to speedboats, yachts, water taxis and even the mighty 
Titanic. 

The waters you sail are also as varied as the ships, from the biggest 
harbours in the world to calm aqua marine tropical waters.

Perform tasks in the many pre-fab missions or just steam ahead freely.



Ship Simulator 2008 features:

- Ocean waves, with realistic ship motions
- Advanced day/night/weather system
- Large-distances trips between harbours (open sea missions)
- Multiplayer - Walkthrough options on all new ships
- Mid-mission save function
- Visible damage on ships after a collision
- New navigation instruments, like a depth meter
- Advanced towing and mooring rope operations
- Complex and challenging missions, like chasing other ships, container loading, fire-fighting, rescue operations
- Three brand new exciting sailing areas: San Francisco, Southampton/Solent incl. Cowes, and Marseille
- At least nine new vessels, under which several ferries, a hovercraft, a massive container ship, 
- an offshore drilling rig, an oil tanker, a - rescue boat and a jet-ski.
- Two cranes for container loading and unloading, which can be controlled by the player.


:. Minimum system requirements .:

Operating system:
Processor:
Memory:
Graphics card:
Audio devices:
Input controller:
Optional controllers:
Windows 2000, XP or Vista
Pentium 4 2.4GHz or AMD equivalent
1GB (Windows XP) or 2GB (Vista)
GeForce 5900 or ATI 9600 Pro / X600, 128MB memory
Sound card
Mouse with scroll wheel
Joystick, Joypad or Steering wheel



:. install .:

1.: Unrar with latest winrar to any place you wish.
2.: double click on (must be done) >> _XP-Reg.exe << or >> _VISTA-Reg.exe <<
3.: Enjoy!. and happy gaming!...



:. note .:

Serial.: YZM4Y-(inside-archive-serial.txt)-DVVDY 



Special Info Note:

Some virus-scanner recognize the header of packed exe's (setup.exe)

as a lame virus, (coz it's the mostly byte by byte check error of 'em!.)

This is truly a false information!,  a so called false positive, you can read 

more about in your VirusTool-Manual or WebSite!.

-ToeD

