5 Cd's (English base language)

images:
****http://www.rottentomatoes.com/g/pc_games/learn_to_speak_french_9_deluxe/overview.php


QUOTE  
Immerse yourself in the French language! Learn to speak, read and write with natural confidence. Featuring two full years’ worth of robust, engaging curriculum, Learn to Speak™ French Deluxe offers a convenient, comprehensive language study solution. Whether you’re planning a vacation, traveling for work, or just brushing up your skills for fun, the award-winning Learn to Speak program brings your goals within reach. 

Designed by language education specialists, the Learn to Speak system is easily tailored to help you learn French on your own terms. At the heart of the Learn to Speak system is the software program, featuring 35 lessons of core curriculum and 16 Extended Practice lessons. The program offers all the benefits of a structured language course, but also provides the flexibility to accommodate your individual needs and interests. And with fully-coordinated curriculum across three platforms—the core PC program, audio lessons on CD and a 184-page reference book with printable grammar exercises—you have the flexibility to learn wherever and whenever it suits you. 


Target vocabulary, pronunciation, grammar, reading and writing skills with over 50 lessons and hundreds of exercises. 
Find the ideal starting point for you with a quick but thorough diagnostic pre-test. 
Customize your studies by following the general track or focus on specific topics that interest you most. 
Perfect your accent with easy record and playback capabilities and an upgraded speech recognition engine that compares your pronunciation to a native speaker’s. 
Hone your listening and speaking skills in simulated real-world interactions with native speakers. 
Enrich your studies with fascinating cultural movies exploring the various regions of France. 
Break up your lessons with a selection of refreshing games and puzzles. 
Use the Talking Dictionary to easily access translations and pronunciations. 
And when you’re away from your PC, the PDA dictionary2 puts more than 15,000 translations at your fingertips. 
You don’t need to spend months in a classroom to master the French language! Achieve the fluency you desire quickly and conveniently with the effective and entertaining Learn to Speak Deluxe program. For business, for travel or just for fun, it’s the language learning system that gets results fast.
 
