Divinefire - Glory Thy Name

01. From Death to Life
02. The World’s on Fire
03. Never Surrender
04. The Sign
05. Out of the Darkness
06. Pay it Forward
07. Live My Life for You Mp3
08. Free Like an Eagle [Japanese Bonus Track]
09. The Spirit Mp3
10. The Way to Eternity


Genre: Christian Melodic Death/Power Metal
Country: Sweden
Release: January 2005
Label: Rivel Records
Cover Artwork: Markus Sigfridsson @ Tenement Design
Length: 42:41

Metal Observer: -
Metal Reviews: -
Metal-Rules: -


Reviewed by Malcolm

Divinefire is one of two bands with Christian Rivel, singer and main-man in Narnia and owner of Rivel Records, that’s to be released.
But there are quite major differences between Divinefire & Audiovision (the second).
Sure, both of the has Christian lyrics, but musically. Divinefire is more Gothenburg MeloDeath with Power Metal vocals (not like Children of Bodom) meanwhile Audiovision is more regular Neoclassic Power Metal.

Divinefire is a three-man band, formed exactly one year ago. The members are all in other bands, so I guess this is consider a side-project.
Except Rivel himself the band contains Jani Stefanovic (ex- Crimson Moonlight, Renascent, ex- Am I Blood & Sins of Omission) and Andreas Olsson (Narnia, Wisdom Call & Stormwind).
But there are also some very famous guests on this record as well; among the largest we find Eric Clayton (Saviour Machine) and Thomas Vikström (ex- Candelmass, Brazen Abbot).

“Glory Thy Name” was released in Japan during November 2004, but reached Europe last month, and the Japanese Metal fans loves it, it has become pretty huge over there, and that’s a sign we should keep in mind here.
And after the first listening, I pretty much understand the Japanese's.

First of all I have to say the music, the MeloDeath mixed with Power and Neoclassic is a great mix (even if it’s loosing some strength against the end), and second Christian’s very special voice, I do understand the Japanese’s perfectly here.
Unfortunately I think the material is a bit weak throughout the whole records to make it a larger hit here in Europe, but it should at least be an album that’s ranked high by the press and it should sell descent too.

Among the strongest parts I have to lift forward the song “The Spirit”, that I think is, by far the best song this album has to provide. The Epic touches and the Iced Earth inspired ending is creepy, and both melody and vocals are great. More songs in this class and the album would have been close to masterful.
But also the song “Never Surrender” that has the catchiest chorus I heard in a long time, I caught myself singing out loud without even knowing.
Another strong part is the production, it’s not bad at all, and it’s not super. It’s so perfect that you won’t think about that part throughout the whole record, great work!

If you heard Narnia, then you know what Christian’s voice sounds like, and if you like it, you could buy half of this without even think twice.
But if you takes his voice and adding some lyrics about God, Jesus and all that and putting that in a music that sounds like Epic Neoclassic MeloDeathPower Metal, then you have a clue what to expect.
Sounds interesting? Well, then try Divinefire.

Check Out: “The Spirit”, “Live My Life for You” & “Never Surrender”.