Fidibus - en komedie af Hella Joof

IMDB: http://imdb.com/title/tt0481995/
User Rating: 6.1/10

Review:
What can I say, other than that I had a great time while watching this movie! When it comes to directer Hella Joof I've been a skeptic up until now, and her previous works didn't quite pull it off. This time however she's done a great job. Unlike other recent danish comedies (e.g. Lotto) Fidibus never loses it's breath. It remains fresh, genuinely funny and satisfyingly entertaining from beginning to end.

The movie centers around Kalle, a young Copenhagen college student majoring in rhetoric and his connection to certain people in underworld Copenhagen, consisting of a variety of colourful and comical personalities. The movie doesn't have a "real" plot, but as it turns out it doesn't matter at all. Fidibus offers its audience to sit back and have a great laugh at the characters and their comical interactions, and just enjoy good well-crafted entertainment. Danish rapper Jesper Dahl a.k.a Jokeren plays the part of Paten and he was the only one I was concerned about, but to my surprise he performed really well. It isn't great acting, but he blends in perfectly with the rest of the cast. Kalle played be Rudi Köhnke does a fine job, but the real surprise is Lene Maria Christensen as Saby. She is simply hilarious embodying Paten's blonde (read: dumb) girlfriend! Modern danish comedy at its best!


Medvirkende:
	Lene Maria Christensen	 ... 	Saby
	Rudi Köhnke	... 	Kalle (as Rudi Køhnke)
	Jesper Dahl	... 	Paten (as Jesper 'Jokeren' Dahl)

	Jonatan Spang	... 	Agger
	Mia Lyhne	... 	Sidse
	Petrine Agger	... 	Betjent 1
	Beate Bille	... 	Rigmor
	Claus Gerving	... 	Betjent 2
	Ditte Gråbøl	... 	Lizzie
	Sofie Helqvist		
	Pernille Højmark		

	Anders Hove	... 	Søren Hat
	Simone Kamilla Karrebæk		
	Kirsten Lehfeldt	... 	Mor
	Troels Lyby	... 	Advokat
	Christian Mosbæk	... 	Bent
	Søren Søndergaard Nielsen	... 	Lange Peter
	Rolf Rasmussen	... 	Restaurantgæst
	Emma Tuborg	... 	Ida
