English: Ronia, Robber's Daughter
Dutch: Ronja Roversdochter
Swedish: Ronja Rövardotter
IMDB: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0088015/

Custom DVD
Language: Swedish
Subtitles: English and Dutch

First and foremost, I want to apologise to everybody who downloaded the first version of this torrent. Apperently there was een crc-error in the rar-files.
Sorry, sorry, sorry....

No more rar-files this time. Now it is an .iso file which I double-checked. It works!


I've always loved this film when I was young. Unfortunately, there is no Dutch version of this DVD. Moreover, there is not even an English version of this movie. However I searched on the internet, the only version I could find was the original Swedish version. I had to do something! On the net I found subtitles in english, written by Anja Nyberg. Apperently she made custom subtitles translating her native Swedish into English. Thank you very very much Anja! I used Anja's English subtitles and translated them into Dutch. I watched the movie with the subtitles and adapted the subtitles again and again until I was satisfied.

I edited Anja's subtitles a little bit. I changed the Swedish Names into the correct English names using a PDF-file I found on the net.
(http://epubl.ltu.se/1402-1773/1999/27/LTU-CUPP-9927-SE.pdf -- It is an
an analysis of the translation of Ronja Rövardotter into English by Marie Nordlund -- Many thanks to you too)

I couldn't find such a nice piece of work like that for the Dutch language. So, I only changed the names of Skalle-Per and Lill-Klippen into 'Kale Per' and 'Kleine Klip' respectivly, as these are the only names that really mean something. The other characters, apart from the main characters, do not play a major part in the movie, so I didn't translate their names.

I downloaded the DVD using bittorrent and demuxed the DVD using DVD Decrypter. I threw away the extras and the Swedish subs. I made a custom menu and put everything back together with the new English and Dutch subs, using DVDLab Pro. As the main movie was smaller than 4,5 GB, I didn't had to re-encode it to make it fit on a DVD-5.
