The Petrified Forest (1936)

Black & White, Closed-captioned, Subtitled, PAL

Region: 2

Language: (Mono 1.0) English, German, Spanish 

Subtitles: Spanish, English, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Finnish, German, Greek, Hungarian, Icelandic, Portuguese, Slovene, Swedish, Turkish.

Director: Archie Mayo

Actors: Leslie Howard, Bette Davis, Humphrey Bogart, Genevieve Tobin, Dick Foran, Joe Sawyer, Porter Hall, Charley Grapewin, Paul Harvey
Year: 1936

Run Time: 82 minutes

Review: Adapted from a hit Broadway play by Robert Sherwood and starring original cast members Leslie Howard and Humphrey Bogart, this 1936 suspense drama is set in an aging desert roadhouse café, where a young woman (Bette Davis) dreams of escaping a dead-end existence spent with her father and a lunkheaded, would-be suitor. Along comes a penniless poet (Howard), a wanderer who has made a mess of his life and crossed the hot sands as a symbolic act of meaningful futility. Davis's waitress is instantly enchanted, and in short order they begin talking about heading out to the world together. Then a twist: the world comes to them--in the form of escaped convicts, led by the monosyllabic Duke Mantee (Bogart), who secretly agrees to the poet's request that the fugitive gangster kill him. Directed by Archie Mayo (The Great American Broadcast), much of the film, perhaps inevitably, looks set-bound. Most of the action occurs in the café, and the script's tension sadly dissipates a bit as villains and hostages stay glued to their seats. The film's enduring appeal has everything to do with the leading performances: the fascinating alchemy of Howard's ethereal air, Davis's sexy urgency, and Bogart's bemused menace. If the story feels a trifle dated and perhaps a bit smug, the actors make it compelling nonetheless. --Tom Keogh

# Plot Synopsis: Alan Squier, a failed, world-weary British writer, hikes into an isolated, weather-beaten desert café in Arizona owned by Jason Marple. Jason's daughter, Gabrielle is immediately taken with the disillusioned intellectual, since they share idealistic dreams of escaping the stark reality of their lives. Her mother left to return to France when she was a child, and Gabrielle wishes to go to Paris to study art. Her interest in Alan brings out jealousy in her gas-pumping boyfriend, Boze, but although Alan finds her optimism refreshing, he hitches a ride, leaving with a wealthy businessman, Mr. Chisholm, and his wife. But their car is stolen by some hoods who head in the direction of the diner. Alan eludes them and sets out to warn the Marples but is too late, and he too ends up being held hostage by the gang. Unlike the others, Alan relates to the threats of the gangster's leader, Duke Mantee, with an indifference to his own fate, as if realizing that they both he and Duke are doomed by the inevitable failure of their lives. Squier privately asks Duke to kill him so that the money from his insurance policy will allow Gabrielle to travel to Paris, but as the police close in and Duke decides to use the Chisholm's as a shield, Alan attempts to intervene.