195 *.jpg files scanned from Palestine Peace not Apartheid book (Large Print Edition) including cover and index pages.
This is a very high quality pictures and easy to read since it has a very large font.

JPG Quality Details:
Width: 1088 pixels
Height: 823 pixels
Horizontal Resolution: 100 dpi
Vertical Resolution: 100 dpi
Bit Depth: 24

About the book:
Did you ever look a news report about Middle East crisis and wonder, "How did it get to this point? Where did the conflict begin? What does this have to do with me?" If so, you're not alone and Jimmy Carter is here to help with a courageous new book that makes sense of a dire situation impacting every American.

About the author:
Jimmy Carter was born in Plains, Georgia, and served as thirty-ninth President of the United States. He and his wife, Rosalyn, founded The Carter Center, a nonprofit organization that prevents and resolves conflicts, enhances freedom and democracy, and improves health around the world. He is the author of numerous books, including An Hour Before Daylight, called "an American classic" and the #1 New York Times bestseller Our Endangered Values.

Book Review by Publishers Weekly:
The term "good-faith" is almost inappropriate when applied to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, a bloody struggle interrupted every so often by negotiations that turn out to be anything but honest. Nonetheless, thirty years after his first trip to the Mideast, former President Jimmy Carter still has hope for a peaceful, comprehensive solution to the region's troubles, delivering this informed and readable chronicle as an offering to the cause. An engineer of the 1978 Camp David Accords and 2002 recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize, Carter would seem to be a perfect emissary in the Middle East, an impartial and uniting diplomatic force in a fractured land. Not entirely so. Throughout his work, Carter assigns ultimate blame to Israel, arguing that the country's leadership has routinely undermined the peace process through its obstinate, aggressive and illegal occupation of territories seized in 1967. He's decidedly less critical of Arab leaders, accepting their concern for the Palestinian cause at face value, and including their anti-Israel rhetoric as a matter of course, without much in the way of counter-argument. Carter's book provides a fine overview for those unfamiliar with the history of the conflict and lays out an internationally accepted blueprint for peace.

Please SEED after done.		