Here's a better copy of the CBB recut, desinterlaced and with an extra care on action scenes...

Those who want XviD copy, there are a 2cd one available on the edk with 400 hundred people on it. But if you're ready to go thru 2 X 700 Mo on edk, go for the DVD on bittorrent...

And Boon, don't call me names again amigo.;-)

The Matrix Dezionized
a special edition combining Matrix Reloaded and Matrix Revolutions to one complete movie.
unauthorized fanmade edition by the CBB group.

Everything that has a beginning... may not have a disappointing end.
But the Matrix Trilogy had a very disappointing end.
Reloaded was nothing compared to The Matrix and Revolutions even nothing compared to Reloaded...

Pathetic.

That is why we made this edition. We did watch the movies over and over, sensing there was quality in them, but so many things were distracting, did not make much sense, were just boring to watch.

Then Boon came up with the idea to leave out Zion at all, to never have Morpheus speech, nor the great battle, not the dance scene, not the prime minister and especially no Commander Locke. We thought about it a lot and we came to the result, he was right. Zion had to be left out of the sequels to get a better movie and it would be possible to do that without destroying the plot, cause all major and important actions happen to be at other locations than Zion. We also shortened lots of other scenes we did not like or thought to be not fitting, e.G. the dream sequence beginning, where Trinity falls out of the window. Although this scene was great action, it just was not thrilling and as it is repeated later on, we just deletetd it (in fact we put this scene to the point, when it actually happened and deleted the shortened version there). Of course we thougt about plenty other scenes to leave out, e.G. the indian family in the beginning of Revolutions, but we decided it was good to have that for mood and plot. All in all it took us several months to think about which scenes to keep and which one to cut.

Codec Video : RV9 EHQ 2pass
Codec Audio : Real Audio
Resolution : 624X256
English subs in the MKV
2H50m