artist: Out Of Focus
album: Four Letter Monday Afternoon
released: 1972
genre: Progressive Rock
quality: APE
covers: yes

LP 1 (46:07):
1. L.S.B (17:37)
2. When I?m Sleeping (4:04)
3. Tsajama (9:23)
4. Black Cards (9:38)
5. Where Have You Been (5:35)

LP 2 (48:09):
6. A Huchen 55 (9:19)
7. Huchen 55, B (14:32)
8. Huchen 55, C (24:18)

Line-up:
- Remigius Drechsler / guitars, Tenor saxophone, flutes, stylophone, voice
- Hennse Hering / organ, piano
- Moran Neumüller / Soprano saxophone, vocals
- Klaus Spöri / drums
- Stephen Wishen / bass

+ Hermann Breuer / trombone
- Peter Dechant / acoustic guitar, vocals
- Grand Roman Langhaus / bongos
- Jimmy Polivka / trumpet
- Ingo Schmid-Neuhaus / Alto & Bariton saxes
- Michael Thatcher / organ

Artist bio: 
http://www.progarchives.com/artist.asp?id=1082

Album review: 
http://www.progarchives.com/album.asp?id=5613

About:
This awesome band came from Munich and made three extraordinary albums on the super-collectable Kuckuk label plus another that never got released until recently. Hennes Herring on KB (mainly Hammond organ), Remi Dreschler on guitars, Moran Neumuller on vocals and winds, Klaus Spöri and Stefan Wisheu on drums and bass respectively made an incredibly tight unit although they were prone to a lot of improvisation moments also. Their music is somewhat similar to early British prog but will gradually evolve to a certain jazz-rock while staying very politically and socially conscious (in the typical German style of those years) although the singing does not hold a big place in their music, their third release (a double) being mostly instrumental. Then Herring will leave the band to form SUBJECT ESQ., that will soon evolve into the excellent SAHARA. The rest of the band will hire a second guitarist and record another excellent album that for some reason never got released but the group will stay active until 78.
Highly recommended by Dag-Erik Asbjornsen in his great book Cosmic Dreams At Play, and by myself to every progheads infatuated with the early 70's way of making music. Simply awesome!
(www.progarchves.com)