01 - Valeze - Liar
02 - Valeze - Go Go Go
03 - Valeze - Cut You Loose
04 - Valeze - Ya Got Me
05 - Valeze - Liar (PG-13 Edit)


Release Date 12/5/06
Rip Date 12/5/06

Produced by Nic Hard (Bravery, Aberdeen City, The Church)

Tiffany Randol: Lead Vox
Miles Kennedy: Drums
Joe Hung: Bass, Back Vox
Alan Brent: Guitar
Tim Grace: Keys

Biography
ìThe spunkiest frontwoman this side of Stefaniî and ìDance Punk Revivalistsî ó Village Voice

VALEZE WHAT?

Rocking the dirtiest clubs on the East Coast... Crawling the avenues of New York City when the lights go down... Stalking future fans in naughty chat rooms on the web... Ruthlessly leaving their mark on as many objects - and people - as possible. Youíll find the word VALEZE on the breast of your local bartender, the lips of a breathless clubber, And the lonely lamppost on your street corner.

Hardworking, determined, and unpretentious, Valeze is making their mark in every way, whether hustling the streets of NYC any night of the week, touring the Northeast or recording in the studio, most recently with Nic Hard (Bravery, Aberdeen City). Some days you can even catch them sewing outfits for their next show while booking go-go dancers and trapeze artists for one of their upcoming Circus parties. Regardless of what theyíre doing, you can be sure itís something for their fans.

It took a three and a half years of recording, touring and auditioning to arrive at the current lineup, a five-piece stylish outfit composed of vocalist Tiffany Randol, guitarist Alan Brent, bassist Joe Hung, keyboardist Tim Grace, and Miles Kennedy on the drums. Respected for their DIY attitude and hard work, Valeze has independently toured the Northeast, West Coast, and Canada; shared the stage with such well-respected acts as the Samples, American Minor, Diamond Nights, and the Redwalls; garnered sponsorships from companies such as Sam Ash, Garnier Fructis, Amp Energy/Mountain Dew, and Voice Verified; created their own underground scene unlike any other in NYC with their successfully debaucherous Circus parties; and most recently, made major strides in the studio working alongside Nic Hard to generate songs for their upcoming album.

Well-known club DJs are spinning the bandís tracks in the club circuit, while eager street-teamers spread the word on the streets and on the Net. There is a real buzz going on, and Valezeís appeal reaches a unique range of fans: punk rockers to gay club goers and everyone in between.

But what does VALEZE sound like?

Building on their influences from the seminal bands of the late í70s - Blondie, the Clash, and the Sex Pistols in particular - Valeze has cultivated a sound all their own. Itís a sound that you can only achieve when you have a sexy frontwoman whose vocal influences include Axl Rose, Billy Idol, and Elvis Presley, and then you combine them with danceable elements of new wave, glam, and punk. Dare we say ñ if Axl had tits? (Or does he now...?)

This band does not limit itself to one particular style, nor attempt to imitate anyone elseís sound. These five have their own voice ó musically, image-wise, and even in the way they have emerged from the scene using Circus as a stepping-stone. Together as a unit, the group is unique and has a story to tell - perhaps too many!

Although these bands are not necessarily influences, fans of Berlin, Missing Persons, No Doubt, the Killers, and the Sounds tend to go wild for Valeze. Clearly, typical dance-rock they are not. Yes ñ you will rock out, and yes, concertgoers love to dance (at least when theyíre allowed to in NYC), but itís the unusual combination of great songs, energy, and elements of surprise at a Valeze show that keeps people coming back for more! With Valeze, you get the whole package - good production, tremendous live energy, smart songcraft, and star quality to spare.


ìValeze has got their feet firmly planted in Blondieís footsteps. Fronted by classically-trained Tiffany Randol, this band (with their frenetic breakdowns and breathy vocals) will take you right back to Studio 54!î ó NY Press

Website 
http://www.valeze.net

Discography
-Valeze \"GO, GO, GO!\" EP - Release date August 2006.  Produced by Nic Hard (Bravery, Aberdeen City, The Church)
-Valeze \"Backup\" - 5 song EP of Valeze demos.
-\"Search and Destroy\" Music Video with Director Alexander Kane (Mooney Suzuki\'s, Everyothers)
-UGO.com featurette on Valeze LIVE (10/05)
-Valeze Live on CUNY TV (aired 6/06)
-\"High & Dry\" Remix by STUHR.
-\"Gorgeous\" Remix by German Producer KrisMenace
- AMP Energy 6pak, 6 minute piece for AMP\'s college radio compilation.  Songs included are Please Me and High & Dry, along with interviews.
-\"Let U Go\" Music Video sponsored by Panasonic and shown at conferences worldwide.