Books & Magazines Included in This Pack:






eWeek Magazine September 10 2007



eWeek is the essential technology information source for builders of e-business. Through a combination of news, analysis and evaluation, it guides readers in making the best technology decisions for their enterprise.

Focusing on e-commerce, communications and Internet-based architecture, eWeek enables readers to successfully evaluate, deploy and leverage new technology solutions for competitive advantage.

Wikipeida: eWEEK Magazine is a weekly computing business magazine published by Ziff Davis Media, featuring editorials, reviews, lab tests and news.

The magazine mostly covers enterprise topics and is targeted at IT professionals rather than hobbyists. The magazine was previously known as 'PCweek'. eWEEK Magazine is home to gossip columnist and industry insider Spencer F. Katt and also runs a popular weekly Kattoon (cartoon) of his adventures.










Food For Thought Magazine Summer 2007



Food for Thought Magazine: published four times each year, this high quality consumer magazine features agricultureâ??s role in health and wellness, the environment and food safety, as well as recipes and tips highlighting agri-business and made-in-Alberta products.

Reader comments are received daily and continuously highlight that the attractive layout and recipes entice consumers to read each issue and in doing so readers learn about the benefits and diversity of agriculture and food in Alberta through interesting and factual articles that highlight Alberta products and services.

We know that food, the environment, and your health and wellness are very important to you. With the support of our partners, we are proud to publish Food for Thought four times a year in a printed version you can pick up for free at your local grocery store and bimonthly in a format we email to you.

Food for Thought is a purely Albertan magazine devoted to bringing you new recipes and tips using Alberta food products, profiling the people working to bring safe and nutritious food to your table, and informing you about issues like food safety, agriculture's role in caring for the environment and animals, and the heritage and future of agriculture and food in Alberta.










The Secret Sins of Economy



Deirdre McCloskey's work in economics always calls into question its reputation as "the dismal science." She writes with passion and an unusually wide scope, drawing on literature and intellectual history in exciting, if unorthodox, ways. In this pamphlet, McCloskey reveals what she sees as the secret sins of economics that no one will discuss--two sins that "cripple" economics as a "scientific enterprise."

Whatâ??s sinful about economics is not what the average anthropologist or historian or journalist thinks. From the outside the dismal science seems obviously sinful, if irritatingly influential. But the obvious sins are not all that terrible; or, if terrible, they are committed anyway by everybody else. It is actually two particular, nonobvious, and unusual sins, two secret ones, that cripple the scientific enterpriseâ??in economics and in a few other fields nowadays (like psychology and political science and medical science and population biology).

Yet a sympathetic critic who says these things and wishes that her own beloved economics would grow up and start focusing all its energies on doing proper science (the way physics or geology or anthropology or history or certain parts of literary criticism do it) finds herself sadly misunderstood. The commonplace and venial sins block scrutiny of the bizarre and mortal ones. Pity the poor sympathetic critic, construed regularly to be making this or that Idiotâ??s Critique: â??Oh, I see. Youâ??re one of those airy humanists who just canâ??t stand to think of numbers or mathematics.â?? Or, â??Oh, I see. When you say economics is â??rhetoricalâ?? you want economists to write more warmly.â??

I tell you itâ??s maddening. The sympathetic critic, herself an economist, even a Chicago-School economist, slowly during twenty years of groping came to recognize the ubiquity of the Two Secret Sins of Economics (in the end they are one, deriving from pride, as all sins do). She has developed helpful suggestions for redeeming economics from sin. And yet no oneâ??not the anthropologist or English professor or others from the outside certainly, but least of all the economist or medical scientistâ??grasps her point, or acts on it.









The Chinese Military: An Emerging Maritime Challenge



EXECUTIVE SUMMARY: Official American attitudes toward China in recent years have varied from benevolent to suspicious to guardedly hopeful. Some of the variance is due to a lack of knowledge: much of Chinaâ??s decisionmaking process remains hidden to the outside world. Even current statistics on such basic issues as population and health, military size and spending and economic performance are unreliable, if not misleading.

But much of the reason for the lack of a clear vision of the American relationship with China is the very recognition of the looming importance of that relationship â?? the very positive implications of cooperation, and the potentially disastrous implications of an aggressive competition. There is a natural reluctance to focus on the negative in fear of making it come true.

Nevertheless, the essential elements of American and Chinese national interests in the East Asia and Pacific region, now and even more so in the future, make competition of some sort inevitable. It is a paradox that for China, with the third largest land mass among the worldâ??s nations and with a military dominated by the army, the primary strategic interests are maritime. With the exception of India, confrontation with any of Chinaâ??s rivals would take place in the South China Sea or Straits of Taiwan, through which flows the oil and gas it is increasingly dependent upon. Consequently, China has increasingly turned its military attention toward developing a robust coastal defense and littoral power-projection capability designed to keep others out of areas it claims as exclusive zones, including the waters around Taiwan.

Today, Chinaâ??s naval and air capabilities are limited by American standards. They lack integrated information and command and control networks, have limited modern electronic-warfare capabilities, and exhibit significant weaknesses in logistics and sustainment ability. However, with a determination to purchase advanced technology from Russia and an emphasis on asymmetric warfare, China is positioning itself to challenge the continuation of the American role in the East Asia and Pacific region in the future.

If Taiwan does not take action to improve its defenses against a surprise missile attack within the next few years, the threat from mainland China to annex Taiwan by force will be compelling. And while the United States has several key initiatives underway to bolster capabilities in the East Asia-Pacific â?? such as Aegis missile defense, the Littoral Combat Ship and Virginia-class submarines â??a long-term commitment to counter the emerging Chinese anti-access strategy is essential.

The initial draft of this report was written by Myra S. McKitrick. All members of the Naval Strike Forum had an opportunity to review and modify the final report.








Network Cabling Magazine



From the Editor: As Canadaâ??s premier magazine for the voice and data telecom industries, Network Cabling is dedicated to ensuring our readers get the information they need, when they need it. With a wide readership of information cabling contractors, installers, network administrators and IT end users, our editorial content is written by the industry, for the industry.

At Network Cabling, we know the information transport systems (ITS) industry is constantly changing and evolving. Thatâ??s why Network Cabling is also changing and evolving in 2007. Along with a new look and a new size, weâ??re sharpening our focus to bring our readers the latest on whatâ??s happening in their industry.

Along with our top-notch editorial focus, each issue will also bring readers practical case studies showing them real-life solutions to solve their cabling issues. Our new technology features will bring them up-to-date on how technology is changing the ITS industry â?? and how they can leverage that technology to let their businesses grow.

In addition to our features, weâ??ll be bringing our readers the extensive editorial content theyâ??ve come to expect from Network Cabling: a deeper analysis of the issues that impact their businesses; departments on standards, fiber optics and testing and troubleshooting; strong and diverse opinions from North American industry experts; and practical application stories that get to the how and why of all types of cabling installation.

Throughout 2007, weâ??ll be presenting Network Cabling readers with the latest information on topics including: convergence, standards, fiber optics, test and measurement equipment, voice over IP, connectors, cabling, security and the emerging wireless industry. Through our experienced staff, roster of industry experts and close connections with BICSI, the premier association of the cabling industry, weâ??re connected to our readers, and through us, you can be connected too.

With the help of our editorial advisory board and our extensive contacts in the ITS industry, our more than 11,000 readers will keep and refer back to every issue of the year â?? and your company can be a part of that. Thatâ??s why we encourage each and every one of you to work with us to deliver your companyâ??s message.

Network Cabling is your connection to the Canadian networking and ITS industry. With our successful mix of advertising and editorial support, we know we can help you achieve your goal of increasing Canadian sales. We invite you to come and be a part of Network Cabling in 2007.



-LEGAL TORRENTS

Purpose:

create a balance, share the already free stuff,
public domain works, freeware, free music,
free ebooks, articles, manifestos, movie trailers, and more.

show the copyright owners that torrent
websites shouldn't bear the responsibility
of what their users upload, torrent websites
are very much similar to google..

users upload what they want to upload,
download what they want to download,
and search for what they want to search..

by creating this balance and sharing the already free
stuff, we hope to take the pressure of torrent websites..

