RELEASE INFORMATION

 South.Park.S09E08.DSR.XviD-TCM

 release date  : Thu Oct 20 2005
 video codec   : XviD    
 video res     : regular res
 audio codec   : VBR MP3 

NOTES


EPISODE INFORMATION

 South Park
 #9.08: Two Days Before the Day After Tomorrow
 Wednesday October 19, 2005 (runtime: )
 
 Category    : Animation, Comedy                                            

 Global Warming is determined to be the cause of the massive flood that     
 destroys a neighboring town, when the worldÆs largest beaver dam breaks and
 the waters overtake the adjacent town of Beaverton.. As the victims wait   
 for help to arrive, everyone in South Park tackles priority number one: who
 is to blame? The President, the mayor, scientists, the press and even the  
 flood victims themselves are all busy pointing fingers. Only Stan and      
 Cartman know whoÆs really at fault.                                        

 series url : http://www.tv.com/show/344/summary.html?q=south+park
 episode url: http://www.tv.com/episode/539376/summary.html

GROUP NEWS

 TCM loves TV. That's the reason we are doing what we do.
  
 If you would like to join us we are currently recruiting the following:

 - HDTV/PDTV cappers. You must have a decently fast upload and at least 
   one fast PC.
 - Digital cappers for non-digital source (i.e. DSR) Same requirements apply
   for upload speed and PC as above.

   We can teach you how to cap if you are a novice,  but you must be willing 
   to cap regularly, really love TV, and be all around a cool person,
   since we will be spending a lot of time together.  
   
 - Anything else that is legal that may help us. However - 
   we are not looking for suppliers, site affiliations,or dumps, so 
   please don't bother asking. 

   We do not respond with technical questions about our releases or tell you 
   where to get them. 

 CONTACT: fruity.salad.bowl@gmail.com


This torrent is in unzipped form (.avi & .nfo)!