Acronis True Image Home 9.0.3567
   
http://www.acronis.com


Complete file and system disk imaging backup and restore software for home and home office users that can protect your entire system and family pictures, videos, music, and important documents stored on your home PC

Acronis announces the release of Acronis True Image 9.0 Home. With this new release you get two backup products in one and then some!

Two in One!
Acronis True Image 9.0 Home provides you with two backup options in one software:

1) Our original disk imaging backup option which enables you to create an image of your entire hard disk drive, including the operating system, applications, user settings, and all data. Use the image to restore your PC to a known working state without any reinstallation.

2) A new file-based backup option which enables you to backup and restore individual files and folders, like your My Documents folder or a specific file, like your latest tax return. A software wizard walks you through all of the steps.

And then Some!
Acronis True Image 9.0 Home makes restoring your system even faster with the exclusive new Acronis Snap Restore feature. It also provides several additional enhancements.

New! DVD Burning Save backups directly to DVDs without using 3rd party DVD burning software
 
Exclusive Acronis Snap Restore Lightning-speed restore of your PC from an image. You can start working in seconds while your system is still being restored.
 
Exclude files Save space when creating backups by only backing up the types of files you want to keep
 
Differential backup Decrease the number of backups you manage. Differential backups capture the changes made since your last full backup
 
Expanded Acronis Drive Snapshot technology We've expanded the no reboot feature to include backing up specific files and folders. We can even backup system files and open files with no issues. No matter which option you select, you can continue to use your PC during backup.
 
Windows System Restore management wizard If you run Acronis True Image 9.0 Home regularly this feature in your operating system is redundant. Free up to 10% of your hard disk drive by disabling this default feature in your operating system using Acronis True Image 9.0 Home software.	