Title: The deer Hunter- El Cazador-Il Cacciatore
Imdb http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077416/
The Deer Hunter is a 1978 English language film that tells the fictional story of a group of Rusyn-American steel workers during the Vietnam War era. Most of it is set in either Vietnam or their hometown of Clairton, Pennsylvania, south of Pittsburgh along the Monongahela River. Most filming was done in Cleveland and Mingo Junction, Ohio. It stars Robert De Niro and Christopher Walken.
Inspired by German First World War soldier and author Erich Maria Remarque's 1937 novel Drei Kameraden (Three Comrades), which depicts the lives of a trio of disillusioned World War I veterans in 1920s Weimar Germany, the film explores the meaning and effects of war, violence and manipulated patriotism on one tightly knit ethnic community. The concepts of ethnicity, family, friendship and community each play a very prominent role.
The story is essentially told in three acts. In it, De Niro (Mike), Savage (Steven), Walken (Nick) and Cazale (Stanley) portray a group of American steel workers -- who are also avid deer hunters -- of Carpatho-Rusyn ancestry.
The first act of the film covers the life of the friends in Western Pennsylvania -- at work, at home, at a bar, at the Eastern-Rite Catholic church. Its apogee is the (shotgun) wedding celebration of Steven and Angela, who as it turns out is pregnant with what is implied to be Nick's child. The wedding itself is extensively portrayed and fleshed out, replete with Rusyn and Russian songs, various wedding traditions, traditional dances, and generally wild and drunken celebrations for all involved. Following a final hunting trip, where Mike is quite harsh with Stanley for joining them unprepared. Steven, Mike, and Nick leave for a tour in the ongoing Vietnam War, longing to go where "the bullets are flyin". Following a bit of streaking through town the night of the wedding, Nick makes Mike promise that he will not "leave him behind" should something ever happen to them in Vietnam. The second act begins in Vietnam where Mike is a member of a special forces unit and is reunited with Steven and Nick. The scene shifts to the three friends on a river pontoon-prison, captives of the Viet Cong. They are forced to play Russian roulette against each other for the gambling amusement of their Vietnamese captors. Mike first considers abandoning Steven (whom he believes has been broken mentally and cannot survive), but eventually engineers an escape for all three men by killing their captors during the game. Soon after an American patrol helicopter appears but is only able to rescue Nick. Mike and Steven fall back into the river and eventually swim ashore. Steven's legs are broken by the fall; Mike carries him until they reach an American convoy, with whom he then leaves Steven. Mike then continues his tour of duty and returns home alone.
Meanwhile Nick is recuperating in a hospital in South Vietnam, and goes AWOL. He then takes up with a rogue Frenchman in the city of Saigon who promises him riches if he participates in Russian roulette competitions. Back in the US, Mike becomes romantically involved with Nick's girlfriend, Linda. He also reunites with Stevie, who has had both his legs amputated and his left arm paralyzed, and recovering in a Veterans' Administration hospital. Stevie shows Mike the large amounts of cash he has been receiving by mail, suggesting that Nick is alive and still in Vietnam.
Mike then travels to Saigon just before its fall in 1975, where with the help of the Frenchman he finds Nick and learns that his best friend has become a champion of the deadly underground Russian roulette circuit. Nick appears at first to have no recollection of his friend or their lives in Pennsylvania, possibly due to being under the influence of Heroin, as is indicated by track marks on his forearm. They then face each other in the game surrounded by screaming gamblers. During the final match, Mike "buys" Nick and tries to persuade him to come home. Nick finally acknowledges that he does remember Mike, by repeating a line the two used together while deerhunting ("one shot"). Nick then takes the gun and it goes off, killing him and finally ending his championship.
Mike brings Nick's body back to America, sadly fulfilling his promise from the night of the wedding. The film ends on the morning of Nick's funeral at his Ruthenian Catholic parish, with the surviving friends quietly singing God Bless America.
Directed by: Michael Cimino
Cast:Robert De Niro, Meryl Streep, Christopher Walken, John Savage, George Dzundza, John Cazale, Amy Writght, Joe Grifasi
Leng :175  minutes
Year:1978
Language (audio):english, Deutch, Italiani, Español
Subtitled:English, Italy, Turk,Spanish,German, Portugues
Aspect ratio:widwscreen 16:9
Anamorfic:yes
Format: Full DVD9 untouched
Commpresion:no
Suppress:nothing
Comment: contains DVD cover CD cover (scaning 300ppp)
Awards and recognition
The Deer Hunter won Oscars for Best Picture, Best Director (Michael Cimino), Best Actor in a Supporting Role (Christopher Walken), Best Film Editing, and Best Sound. In addition, it was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role (Robert De Niro), Best Actress in a Supporting Role (Meryl Streep), Best Cinematography (Vilmos Zsigmond) and Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the Screen.
It has been selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry and is consistently on the Internet Movie Database's list of top 250 films. It is also ranked number 79 on the American Film Institute's list of the 100 Greatest American Movies of All Time [1].
Its theme tune, Cavatina, written by Stanley Myers and performed by guitarist John Williams is commonly known as The Theme from The Deer Hunter,


Upload details:telefonica 3megas/330 continuos till 3 seeds