
  ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß ßßßßßßÛÜ ßßßßßßßßÛÜ
     ÛÛ   ÛÛßßßß  ÛÛßßßßÛÛ ÛÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛ                 
 Ûßßßßß   ßßßßßßßßßß    ßßßßÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛ                ÜßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßÛ
 Û ÛÛÛÛ                ÛÛÛÛ    ßÛ  ÛÛ              Üß ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ Û
 Û ÛÛÛÛÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÛÛÛÛ         ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß ÛÛÛÛ                ÛÛÛÛ Û
 Û ÛÛÛÛßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ   ÛÛÛÛ                ÛÛÛÛ Û
 Û ÛÛÛÛ                ÛÛÛÛ  ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛß Üß
 ÛÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ ÛÛÛÛßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜß
                           Û ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ Û    
                           ÛÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÛ    try before buy (TM)
 

                             Ü
          ßßßßßßßÛÛ ßßßßßßß ÛÛ     ßßßßßßß ßßßßßßÛÜ ÜÛßßßßßßßßßßßßß
           ÛÛ ßßÛÛÜ ÛÛßßßß  ÛÛ     ÛÛßßßß  ÛÛßßßßÛÛ ßßßßßÛÛ ÛÛßßßß 
     ß ßßßßÛÛ    ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßÛß    ßßßßßßßßß  ßßßßßßßßßßßßß ß
           ß

                 NomadFactory.Essential.Studio.Suite.VST.v1.0 

                           
                           www.awesomeaudio.org

                            SUPPLIER : TEAM H2O   
                          PROTECTION : PACE         
                                SIZE : 04 * 1,39MB     
                                DATE : 06-20-05 


       Nomad  Factory  Essential  Studio  Suite  plug-in  bundle  is   a 
       collection of nine essential plug-ins, this bundle will help  you 
       create professional projects from tracking to mixing to mastering 
       ? whether you're  a novice recordist  or a pro  producer ? at  an 
       amazing price  point! The  Essential Studio  Suite bundle  has it 
       all: Multiband Compressor,  Essential Channel, Essential  Graphic 
       EQ,  Essential  Compressor,   Essential  Noise  Gate,   Multiband 
       Loudness  Maximizer,  Loudness Maximizer,  Tube/Tape  Warmer, and 
       Retro-Vox.  Designed  by  musicians  for  musicians,  this bundle 
       features  high-quality  processing   using  a  double   precision 
       floating point, up to 192kHz sample rates supported, the  ability 
       to   automate   any    control   through   compatible   VST  host 
       applications, plus a set of  factory presets.  
                 
                 
                 
       Multiband Compressor   
                 
       The  essential  Multiband Compressor.   With  3-band compression, 
       Brick-Wall limiting and Curve  Mode EQ, the Multiband  Compressor 
       brings   together   all   the   vital   controls   of   multiband 
       compression/crossover  within  this  easy-to-use  interface. This 
       powerful compressor is ideal for any studio environment 
                 
                 
       Essential Channel 
                 
       The  Essential  Channel delivers  maximum  processing flexibility 
       with minimum space required. The most critical channel processing 
       functions are provided in a single plug-in: 3-band parametric EQ, 
       Hi and Lo Shelf filters,  Compressor, DeEsser, Noise Gate, and  a 
       Brick-Wall Limiter.  This high-quality  channel insert  is a must 
       for any digital audio project. 
                 
                 
       Essential Graphic EQ  
                 
       The Essential Graphic  EQ is the  perfect tool for  sculpting the 
       fine  detail  out  of  raw  digital  audio.  15  frequency bands, 
       adjustable  bandwidth and  brick-wall limiter  allow for  precise 
       control over each audio channel. For any type of project, this EQ 
       lets each track stand out with its own sonic character. 
                 
                 
       Essential Compressor 
                 
       A quality compressor is an  integral part of any studio  toolkit. 
       And with the Essential Compressor, every studio can be assured of 
       professional results. This compressor provides intuitive  control 
       over the Threshold, Ratio, Attack, Release, and Make-Up gain. For 
       both  vocal  and  instrument  tracks,  the  resulting  sound   is 
       unmatched. 
                 
                 
       Essential Gate / Expander  
                 
       Don?t lose valuable dynamic range in your tracks. Raise the level 
       without increasing  unwanted noise  in the  audio. The  Essential 
       Gate/Expander tames  the noise  floor so  that you  hear only the 
       audio you want to keep. This fully-adjustable gate allows control 
       of Threshold, Attack, Hold, Release and Range. 
                 
                 
       Multiband Loudness Maximizer 
                 
       Make your mix  stand out from  the crowd. The  Multiband Loudness 
       Maximizer brings the sound of professional mastering to any audio 
       application.  The  new  multiband  limiter  from  Nomad   Factory 
       delivers three frequency bands  of look-ahead limiting and  brick 
       -wall limiting to precisely control and maximize the levels of  a 
       mix.      
                 
                 
       Loudness Maximizer 
                 
       The Loudness Maximizer  from Nomad Factory  is the ultimate  peak 
       limiter  for  increasing audio  levels.  This Maximizer  delivers 
       look-ahead  limiting  and  brick-wall  limiting  to  maximize the 
       levels of any studio project. Use the Loudness Maximizer on  mono 
       or stereo channels to get your mix noticed. 
                 
                 
       Tube / Tape Warmer 
                 
       Digital audio can sometimes  sound lifeless or brittle.  Add some 
       analog  warmth to  those tracks  with Nomad  Factory?s Tube/Tape 
       Warmer. This  effect gives  sterile audio  the coveted  sounds of 
       tube  circuitry and  analog tape  saturation. Turn  up the  Drive 
       control for extra bite, add Warmth to hear those tubes, and Blend 
       the sounds of the analog tape and tube warmth. 
                 
                 
       RetroVox  
                 
       The  Retro-Vox  by  Nomad Factory  provides  amazing  effects and 
       processing functions  for use  specifically on  vocal tracks.  In 
       addition  to  a Gate  and  Compressor, this  plug-in  offers Tone 
       controls and hi/lo pass filters  to create a wide range  of vocal 
       effects, such as ?Gramophone?,  tape simulation or the  mid-range 
       ?phone voice 
                 
                 
       more info available at: 
                 
       http://www.awesomeaudio.org 

      
   
                 ÜÜ                                   Ü     Ü
                 ÜÜ ßßßßßßÛÜ ÜÛßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßÛÜ ÛÛ    ÛÛ    
                 ÛÛ ÛÛ    ÛÛ ßßßßßÛÛ   ÛÛ   ÛÛßßßßÛÛ ÛÛ    ÛÛ    
     ß ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß    ßßßßßßßßß    ÛÛ   ßß    ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß ß
                                       ß

       1) Unzip, Unrar and run Setup.exe  
       2) Enjoy!!                  
  
   
                   ßßßßßßÛÜ ÜÛßßßßÛÛ ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß ÜÛßßßßßß
                   ÛÛ    ÛÛ ÛÛ    ÛÛ    ÛÛ   ÛÛßßßß  ßßßßßÛÛ
     ß ßßßßßßßßßßßßßß    ßßßßßßßßßß     ÛÛ   ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß ß
                                        ß
   
                          ... and always remember ... 
   
                             www.awesomeaudio.org

     ß ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß ß
                                                      [NFO_BY_TH4IB0YZ_2005]
			   			
