An amateur astronomer discovers something in the sky that it is not known. So hie teacher decides to send a photo of it to their consultant, who is distressed after seeing and in his rush to tell someone about it is killed. A year later a reporter who is investigating why one of the President's staff resigns abruptly. At first it was rumored that he was an affair when she goes to see him, he tells that's not it and won't fully ellaborate why he resigned. Later the President brings the reporter to him and upon learning what she knows decides to hold a press conference and will let her have first crack at it. At the press conference the President talks about two astronomers, the one who died and the young who discovered it, and that they discovered something, a comet. Now what is so unusual about this comet is that it is the size of New York and if it strikes it the planet it will render it virtually unliveable. So they along with a other countries have been building a space craft that will bring a crew who will try and stop it. Now the reporter asks if his man who resigned because he doesn't believe this plan will work. The President says that they no choice but to try. And the young man who discovered the comet is hailed as a national hero. The crew who is going to stop the comet makes the most of their time with their love ones before they leave. And the reporter who has gained the notoriety that she hoped for, has to deal with a few personal issues. And the President can only hope that the crew can stop the comet.

CAST:

Robert Duvall ....  Capt. Spurgeon 'Fish' Tanner 
Téa Leoni ....  Jenny Lerner 
Elijah Wood ....  Leo Beiderman 
Vanessa Redgrave ....  Robin Lerner 
Morgan Freeman ....  President Tom Beck 
Maximilian Schell ....  Jason Lerner 
James Cromwell ....  Alan Rittenhouse 
Ron Eldard ....  Dr. Oren Monash 
Jon Favreau ....  Dr. Gus Partenza 
Laura Innes ....  Beth Stanley 
Mary McCormack ....  Andrea 'Andy' Baker 
Richard Schiff ....  Don Beiderman 
Leelee Sobieski ....  Sarah Hotchner Beiderman 
Blair Underwood ....  Mark Simon 
Dougray Scott ....  Eric Vennekor 


Runtime: 120 min 

SPECIAL FEATURES:

WIDESCREEN VERSION

DOLBY DIGITAL
-ENGLISH 5.1 SURROUND
-ENGLISH DOLBY SURROUND
-FRENCH DOLBY SURROUND

ENGLISH CAPTIONS

INTERACTIVE MENUS

SCENE SELECTION

2 THEATRICAL TRAILERS

ENJOY!!!

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120647/