Simondadj
Proudly Presents
CASINO ROYALE 007

High Quality Video
AC3 Audio

Plot Summary:Casino Royale introduces James Bond before he holds his license to kill. But Bond is no less dangerous, and with two professional assassinations in quick succession, he is elevated to '00' status. Bond's first 007 mission takes him to Uganda where he is to spy on a terrorist, Mollaka. Not everything goes to plan and Bond decides to investigate, independently of MI6, in order to track down the rest of the terrorist cell. Following a lead to the Bahamas, he encounters Dimitrios and his girlfriend, Solange. He learns that Dimitrios is involved with Le Chiffre, banker to the world's terrorist organizations. Secret Service intelligence reveals that Le Chiffre is planning to raise money in a high-stakes poker game in Montenegro at Le Casino Royale. MI6 assigns 007 to play against him, knowing that if Le Chiffre loses, it will destroy his organization. 'M' places Bond under the watchful eye of the beguiling Vesper Lynd. At first skeptical of what value Vesper can provide, Bond's interest in her deepens as they brave danger together and even torture at the hands of Le Chiffre. In Montenegro, Bond allies himself with Mathis MI6's local field agent, and Felix Leiter who is representing the interests of the CIA. The marathon game proceeds with dirty tricks and violence, raising the stakes beyond blood money and reaching a terrifying climax.  Written by Krafty

James Bond is a seductive British secret agent for M:I-6 who has achieved "007" status. After trying to capture a criminal in an embassy, by illegally entering the country, 007's boss 'M' is displeased with his efforts and is unsure if he is the right man for the job. As he continues to follow the trail, the trail leads Bond to the Bahmas to corrupt banker Le Chiffre who is funding international terrorists. After seducing Solange, the beautiful wife of criminal Alex Dimitrios. 007 takes part in a card game in Montengro called 'Casino Royale' where Le Chiffre plans on raising the prize money for terrorist activities. With help from the beautiful and mysterious British government agent Vesper Lynd who is supplying his betting money, field agent Rene Mathis and Undercover CIA agent Felix Leiter, 007 sets out to thwart the corrupt bankers efforts to raise the money, where if Le Chiffre looses, his organization will collapse. Where 007 must uses his instincts and wits as he also deals with attempts on his life, double agents and finds himself falling in love with Vesper.