
              Join Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny as these four animated
              tykes take on the supernatural, the extraordinary and the 
              insane. For them, it's all a part of growing up in South 
              Park.
              
              
                     The Mexican Staring Frog of Southern Sri Lanka
                           
              The deadly "Mexcan Staring Frog" is sighted in South Park
              and the towns fearless hunters, Ned and Jimbo, are on 
              case. Their Heroic efforts drive up the ratings for their
              new hunting show on the cable access channel and threatens
              to edge out an old favorite, "Jesus and Pals"
              
                                     Flashbacks
                                     
              A freak accident leaves the South Park Elementary school
              bus teetering precariously on the edge of a cliff. As the
              boys relive landmarks moments in their young lives, their
              bus driver, Mrs Crabtree goes for help. A strange turn
              of events leads her to find the love of her life and a 
              dream job - as a stand up comic.
              
                                    Summer Sucks
                                  
              Its summertime in SouthPark, and it sucks. The entire town
              is gearing up for the annual 4th July celebration when a 
              ban on fireworks is imposed. Mr Hat has disappeared, Ned
              and jimbo have been thwon into a a Texas prison and 
              Cartman is forced to take swimming lessons. The mayors plan
              to put some punch into 4th July with a 20-storey high snake
              goes dangerously awry and Cartman may never make it to the 
              deep end
              
                               Chefs Salty Chocolate Balls
                           
              South Parks first film festival attracts crowds of 
              pretentious, tofu-eating movie lovers to the quiet mountain
              town, and the resulting strain on the sewer system causes
              problems for evereybodys favorite piece of talking poo, 
              Mr Hanky. Kyle must appeal to the movie industry to save
              his little friends life