Today we have the discography of the outstanding American traditional/power metal band Cage. This torrent includes:

Astrology (320, my rip)
Darker Than Black (320, my rip)
Hell Destroyer (256VBR)
Unveiled (320, my rip)

This band just kicks ass.  There's no cleaner, more descriptive way to say it.  This band is exactly what people who don't listen to metal think metal sounds like - and that's why they are great.  The vocals are SCREAMING, the riffs are crunchy and evil sounding, the drums are pounding.  Its the kind of music that parents hated 20 years ago, and that us obnoxious metal kids listened to just to piss them off.  Well, now I am a parent myself, and Cage STILL rocks, whether you parents to offend or not.  A special note: while there are now many vocalists in metal who can reach those stratospheric Rob Halford high notes (Exciter, Dissident Aggressor), there are very very few of them who can really convey the INTENSITY of Halford (think about how many vocalists Priest auditioned and how long it took before they found Ripper Owens). Sean Peck of Cage is one of them. Check it out. 

I can't say enough great things about this band. No, really, I can't.  So here's what some other people said:

From Metal-Observer review of Hell Destroyer (10/10): "Seriously they don?t come much more Heavy Metal than this American troupe. A near perfect amalgamation of JUDAS PRIEST, IRON MAIDEN, PRIMAL FEAR, ICED EARTH and GRAVE DIGGER, CAGE contains the only men who play continuously on ten, amps turned to eleven. Hell Destroyer is a glorious invocation of all things Heavy Metal and laid down with such sonic force it easily rivals PRIEST?s ??Painkiller?? and ICED EARTH?s ??Something Wicked?? for all out Metal brutality. It?s a breathtaking tour de force and will remain a personal favourite for months, if not years to come."

From Metal-Observer review of Darker Than Black (10/10): "Yes, this is how true Heavy Metal should sound! CAGE manage to find the perfect balance between power, melody, past and modern times on their third longplayer! They stand true to their Eighties roots and garnish their power hymns with a fat, modern production! The vocals of power roarer Sean Peck are frighteningly good. His voice could go through as a mix from Rob Halford and Harry Conklin and has more power than both gentlemen together! He even doesn't refrain from mean growls!"

From Metal-Rules review of Darker Than Black (5/5): "DARKER THAN BLACK certainly lives up to its title. Cage?s third album is by far their heaviest, darkest work to date, and is a textbook example of the pure essence of heavy metal: no shortage of speed, heaviness, or melody. Guitarists Dave Garcia and Anthony Wayne McGiness offer up a platter of chugging, head-bangable riffs, and powerfully catchy hooks with a relentless battery of bass and drums provided by the two Mikes: Mike Giordano and Mike Nielsen. As if this merciless assault of musicianship was not enough, there?s still the talent of vocalist Sean Peck to reckon with. This guy can give Dickinson, Halford, and Harry ?Tyrant? Conklin all a run around. Why he is not lauded with those vocalists is beyond me. His range, power, and control are each far beyond impressive. Each element of Cages sound combines synergistically to create a sound that few bands can match. Think Judas Priest?s PAINKILLER and Halford?s RESURRECTION meeting some old Metal Church and ancient Savatage. Unlike most bands hearkening to the old school for inspiration, Cage does not fall into the trap of warmed-over songwriting ideas, trite subject matter, and cliched lyrical slogans. Every song on DARKER THAN BLACK offers up something different, lyrically and musically."

As you can see, I'm far from alone in my worship of Cage.  As soon as you listen, you will join us. Resistance is futile.  You will be assimilated. 

Bang it 'til it bleeds!