Part 8 of 13

This 13-part documentary comes on seven discs, and is just about the most comprehensive history of the world;s greatest game that could ever be imagined. We;re being serious. Disc One is called Origins and Football Cultures and looks at the early (and we mean early) history of the game, as well as examining the role of football in cultures as varied as Spain, the USA and Ghana. The informative yet entertaining tone of the series is established here, with Terence Stamp making his presence felt as the narrator and interviews coming from both historians and past and present footballers. Disc Two regales you with two hoursworth of delving into the history of European football, in the shape of Evolution of the European Game and European Superpowers. Interviewees include Bobby Charlton, Phil Neal, Zinedine Zidane and a whole host of other football high rollers, and there's so much archive footage it?s actually scary. Disc Three is called Brazil and The South American Superpowers, and does exactly what it says on the, er, box. Lots of footage of lithe, healthy-looking individuals fooling the opposition with their ball skills, lots of interviews with the likes of Pele, Ronaldo and Socrates. The emphasis changes slightly for Club and Country and The Dark Side, the two documentaries on Disc Four. They look at the more serious side of the game -- examining first the development of the likes of Manchester United into a global colossus, and then tragedies such as the Munich air crash and Hillsborough. If you?re still in the mood by Disc Five, the next topics for discussion are the world?s best players in Superstars and their relationship with their adoring public in The Media. Perhaps the most engaging of all the discs, number five provides a fascinating look at the way football has influenced wider culture and vice-versa. Last up are Africa, A Game for All and The Future, which look at the development of the game as a global phenomenon from Africa to Japan, as well as the increasingly important role of big business. All in all, then, a staggering collection of fascinating football documentaries, made all the more better by the generous extras.

Originally released by www.mvgroup.org

Football lovers check out 
  
http://www.myp2p.eu/

No I don't make any money. It's a great p2p tv site for football.