

The Disclosure Project - National Press Club - A Warning Given 4 Months Before 9/11

Duration: 01:55:24
Audio: 96kbps .mp3
Video: DVD-rip, encoded to 512 x 384 DivX .avi
Size: 655mb

* This DVD and the 2-hour and 4-hour Witness testimony DVDs, and a great deal more, are available here: http://www.disclosureproject.org/shop.htm *

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


While a majority of American citizens and journalists do not yet know it, one of the most important events of the 21st Century to date took place at the National Press Club in Washington, DC on May 9, 2001. In the main ballroom before 100 journalists, 17 camera crews and 100 interested public, the Disclosure Project, founded by Dr. Steven Greer, presented the testimony of dozens of former military and agency employees which collectively confirms the extraterrestrial presence and the existence of advanced energy technologies which can completely replace any need for fossil fuels or ionizing nuclear power plants.

(*NOTE: New developments regarding these technologies and the public announcement that will be made very shortly of their existence and advanced stage of development can be found here: http://www.aero2012.com/ Several videos from Dr. Steven Greer's newly formed Advanced Energy Research Organization can be downloaded from the following torrent: http://conspiracycentral.net:6969/stats.html?info_hash=65f296fabc26f77ee0371f24bfee25cea6814869 .)

Statements were presented in person and via video tape. All witnesses in attendance vowed to repeat their testimony under oath before Congress. This press conference was aired live around the world via the internet and is continuously being downloaded from the Disclosure Project website http://www.disclosureproject.org/ along with the witness testimonies. While the near term impact of this event was blunted by the terrorist attacks four months later, it will play an historic role in the disclosure process and will almost certainly be repeated - in or outside of Congress. 


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BROUGHT TO YOU BY EXOPOLITICS UK: http://exopolitics.org.uk/ - MESSENGERS OF CONCEPTION - (A Utopiated Data Management System)

- NOTE: All files fit perfectly onto a CD-R and, therefore, make them cheaply and easily able to be copied, duplicated and widely shared (i.e. with friends, family and skeptical associates etc.; multiple copies left in libraries- government buildings, schools, shopping malls etc.; mailed to people in societal positions who should know this information- radio hosts, local politicians, environmentalists, teachers, lawyers, scientists etc.)  This torrent should also be uploaded to all trackers, such as(I cannot upload there) and others.  Links can also be sent to people via email, text messaging etc. to stream the National Press Club event from May 9th 2001:This link can also be written on bank notes (paper money)!  In other words, SPREAD THE WORD!!

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


PRESS RELEASE - April 26, 2001
(Updated May 5, 2001)

For Immediate Release

Contact:
Alfred Webre 604-733-8134
Dr. Steven Greer 540-456-8302 

Wednesday, May 9th, 2001

8 - 9 AM - Continental Breakfast
9:00 AM - 11:00 AM - Press conference

The National Press Club Ballroom
529 14th Street NW, Washington, DC

MILITARY, GOVERNMENT WITNESSES TO PROVIDE
TESTIMONY ON UFO/EXTRATERRESTRIAL PRESENCE 
CONGRESSIONAL LEGISLATION SOUGHT

On Wednesday, May 9th, over twenty military, intelligence, government, corporate and scientific witnesses will come forward at the National Press Club in Washington, DC to establish the reality of UFOs or extraterrestrial vehicles, extraterrestrial life forms, and resulting advanced energy and propulsion technologies. The weight of this first-hand testimony, along with supporting government documentation and other evidence, will establish without any doubt the reality of these phenomena, according to Dr. Steven M. Greer, director of the Disclosure Project which is hosting the event.

The Disclosure Project, a non-profit research organization, is calling for open Congressional hearings on the UFO / Extraterrestrial presence, and for legislation that will ban space-based weapons. Congressional hearings were last held in 1968 by the House Science and Astronautics Committee (90th Congress, 2nd Session, Committee Print No. 7. "Symposium on Unidentified Flying Objects.")

The Project has identified several hundred witnesses throughout the world and spanning every branch of the armed services, the National Reconnaissance Office (NRO), DIA, CIA, NASA, Russia, UK, and other agencies and countries. Over 100 have been videotaped; 70 have been transcribed into edited testimony. Videotaped summary of the testimony and an in-depth briefing document with witness transcripts will be available at the press conference.

Among the witnesses attending the event are: John Callahan, former Division Chief of the Accidents and Investigations Branch, FAA; Master Sergeant Dan Morris, former US Air Force and NRO operative with cosmic top secret clearance; Dr. Carol Rosin, space missile defense consultant and former spokesperson for Wernher Von Braun; Major George A. Filer III, former Air Force Intelligence; Graham Bethune, retired Navy commander pilot with a top-secret clearance; Michael Smith, former Air Traffic Controller, US Air Force; Sergeant Clifford Stone, United States Army; Captain Robert Salas, former SAC Launch Controller, US Air Force and FAA. Participants in this phase of the disclosure effort are asking for Congressional, White House and UN action to allow witnesses to testify under oath in open hearings. The group is requesting a Presidential Executive Order to protect witnesses afraid of violating security oaths and to declassify documents and secret projects for the benefit of all world citizens.

"These testimonies establish once and for all that we are not alone. Technologies related to extraterrestrial phenomena are capable of providing solutions to the global energy crisis, and other environmental and security challenges," says Dr. Greer. The Disclosure team and selected witnesses will be meeting with members of Congress and conducting briefings to address these issues and call for legislation. 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(this torrent also includes The Disclosure Project Briefing Document <.pdf format, 38mb> )


The Briefing Document includes the following:


Insightful papers by Dr. Greer that put the issues around the UFO/ETI subject into perspective. He explains the implications for the environment, world peace, world poverty and the human future.
 
- Summary of transcripts of witness testimony from dozens of military, government and corporate witnesses.
 
- Well researched background cases of UFO sightings and landings.
 
- Dozens of Government documents related to UFO sightings showing the Government's knowledge and involvement in the subject for decades.
 

And, IN THE BRIEFING DOCUMENT BUT NOT INCLUDED IN THE BOOK "DISCLOSURE": A summary of energy and anti-gravity research which shows how the technologies which are being kept secret, because of the UFO issues, hold the answers to our environmental and energy problems. Such as: 

- Tesla's Self-Powered Automobile 
- The Moray Radian Energy Device 
- Gabriel Kron and the Negative Resistor 
- Cold Fusion 
- Dr. Randell Mills and Blacklight Power 
- and many, many more

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(this torrent also includes:

MEDIA CONTROL DOCUMENT - CIA Memorandum Subject: Task Force Report on Greater CIA Openness - dated December 1991 (Page 10 is missing) - June 2004 [PDF File - 4.85 Megabytes] - (or view in jpg format here: http://www.disclosureproject.org/CIA-MemoPage2.htm )

Note: This memo supports "Media Play" - by Steven M. Greer, M.D - most notably on page 6, which says "PAO [Public Affairs Office] now has relationships with reporters from every major wire service, newspaper, news weekly, and television network in the nation. This has helped us turn some intelligence failure stories into intelligence success stories, and it has contributed to the accuracy of countless others. In many instances, we have persuaded reporters to postpone, change, hold, or even scrap stories that could have adversely affected national security interests or jeopardized sources and methods." Read more documents at http://www.disclosureproject.org/writings.htm 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


(quotes from Steven Greer...
 

- at the National Press Club, May 9th 2001:

"Members of the press, the American public and people of the world.  We are here today to disclose the truth about a subject that has been ridiculed and questioned, denied for atleast 50 years.  The men and women who are on this stage and the some 350 additional military intelligence witnesses to the so-called UFO matter and extraterrestrial intelligence, can prove and will prove that we are not alone."

"The reason we are coming forward now is that we are asking for the US Congress and for President Bush to move towards an official inquiry and disclosure on this subject.  It has the most profound implications for the human future, for the US national security and for world peace.  Specifically, technologies connected to UFO and extraterrestrial vehicles, if declassified and used for peaceful energy generation and propulsion, could solve the looming energy crisis definitively, could end global warming, could correct the environmental challenges that the Earth is facing.  It's also critical that we begin to debate as a society the propriety of placing weapons in space."


- in his 2001 paper "Disclosure and 9/11 - An analysis" - http://www.disclosureproject.org/disclosure911.htm

"As we mourn the tragic loss of precious life on September 11, and as we all pray for justice and peace in the world, let us also rededicate our lives to the task of creating a world in which those atrocious and evil acts can never be repeated. Let us pray for the world and our nation and ask that Providence guide our leaders and protect our soldiers as we unite to create a safe and just world.

But we must distinguish between short - term remedies, however necessary, and long-term cures. To avert an even graver cataclysm, great care must be taken, and we need to look deeply at the larger causes of the sickness that visited New York and Washington on 9/11. 

I have been asked what relation the Disclosure Project may have to the healing of this consuming and potentially lethal illness that has afflicted humanity in this, the millennium of peace.  Is the Disclosure Project relevant in this new world? 

Yes, more than ever.

For nearly 10 years we have been meeting with senior CIA, Pentagon and political figures, advocating a general disclosure on so-called UFOs, Extraterrestrial Intelligence and related energy and propulsion systems currently held by illegal, 'classified' projects. These projects, unsupervised by the Congress or President, are illegal, rogue, shadowy operations that are a direct threat to both short term and long-term national and world security concerns. Their 'black' funding status deprives genuine security, intelligence and military programs of much needed support and technological resources. And they are withholding from valid, legal projects the new technologies that could both prevent and intercept the catastrophe of 9/11." 


- from the 2001 paper "DEAFENING SILENCE: Media Response to the May 9th Event and its Implications Regarding the Truth of Disclosure" - http://www.disclosureproject.org/May9response.htm

"...the deafening media silence following May 9th implies an intentional process of failure to explore and reveal the truth. Said less politely, it implies censorship. (If I am right, this is itself an explosive statement, worthy of significant media attention?which it will not receive.) The only stories comparable in significance to May 9th would be World War III, a plague decimating millions, or the like. Yet between May 9th and September 11th, the news media was saturated with stories that are comparatively trivial.

Briefing documents were provided to reporters present. These books provided much of due diligence necessary for those reporters to explore the truth. However, neither Watergate-type coverage nor exposure of witness fraud has followed. 

One of the witnesses reported how he became aware of 43 persons on the payrolls of major media organs while in fact working for the US government. Their job was to intercept ET-related stories and squelch, spin or ridicule. If we accept his testimony as factual, it provides a plausible explanation for the deafening silence following May 9th."


- from his 2004 paper "Media Play" - http://www.disclosureproject.org/mediaplay.htm

"Conventional Wisdom has it that we live in a free and open society with a free press, which plays the role of a key check and balance on government secrecy and abuse. This and other fantasies, foisted on a gullible public, have enabled runaway illegal secret projects to get away with murder, and they are now on the verge of planeticide - the killing of an entire planet.

The truth is that we have free media - so long as it is inconsequential. That is, freedom of the press exists so long as it is exercised within a certain sphere of influence that does not reach a critical mass of significance. Sure, you can say and write anything - so long as it does not get placed in front of the masses in an honest way. The quaint notion of a free press, serving as the Fourth Estate and watching vigilantly over the interests of The People is one of the great lies perpetrated by the government, and by the corporate media itself. Every insider knows this is a lie.

Big Media must be distinguished from the media in general, insofar as the former is utterly corrupted and the latter is sequestered into spheres of limited influence and significance. Mass retail media - the nightly news, CNN, The NY Times, The Washington Post, Newsweek, Time and the like are less free on anything of real significance than the media of many third world countries - or even communist China.

We know, because we have beta tested the system. (More on this later.)

The implications of this corruption cannot be overestimated. In the world today, the corrupt, dumbed-down and controlled Big Media is the central reason for significant investigations being killed, illegal secrecy persisting and major scientific breakthroughs being suppressed."


- from his 2004 paper "Going Tactical" - http://www.disclosureproject.org/goingtactical.htm

"The asymmetric nature of terrorism in particular and guerilla activity in general makes a tactical solution ultimately unattainable. There is much talk that the current war on terrorism and other actions by the US and its allies are an effective strategy to resolve the problem. But in reality, it is a near-term tactical reaction to a larger and more fundamental problem that remains neglected."

"To wit: The West has outstayed its welcome in much of the world, and especially in the oil rich mid-east. This statement should not be confused with isolationism, but rather points to a dominant and at times bellicose presence. It should be remembered that Osama bin Laden et al. were actually allies of the US in our proxy support of 'freedom fighters' against the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. That Saddam was our ally, after the Iran hostage crisis. And that the wealth, power and capabilities of many a despot in that region and elsewhere has been fueled by one thing: Oil."

"The real tragedy in all of this is that we have not needed oil, coal or nuclear power since at least the 1950s - and most likely long before that. Replacements for oil, and technologies to greatly increase the efficiency of the internal combustion engine, have existed for decades - only to be ruthlessly suppressed."

"A clandestine and highly illegal group exists that has actively suppressed these technologies -even up to the present hour. More than one scientist with whom we are now working has been threatened, had his work sabotaged or confiscated and generally terrorized into a paralyzing silence. This, while we march into one oil war after another. This operation, a hybrid trans-national entity that has shadowy ties to the military, intelligence, laboratory, corporate and institutional communities (and yet is controlled by none) operates like a highly functional organized crime group, and has ruled by terror for decades. Indeed the Big Terror is the one that remains unacknowledged and unchallenged, while we dash around the world chasing the blowback from our failed, decades-long policy of oil dependency."

     
- from his 2002 paper "Cosmic Deception: Let the Citizen Beware" - http://www.disclosureproject.org/cosmicdeception.htm

"Imagine this. It is the summer of 2001, and someone presents you with a script for a movie or book that tells how a diabolical terrorist plot unfolds wherein both 110 story World Trade Center towers and part of the Pentagon are destroyed by commercial jets hijacked and flown into those structures.

Of course you would laugh, and if you were a movie mogul or book editor, reject it out of hand as ridiculous and implausible, even for a fictional novel or movie. After all, how could a commercial jet, being tracked on radar after two jets had already hit the World Trade towers, make it through our air defenses, into the most sensitive airspace in the world, and in broad daylight on a crystal clear day, slam into the Pentagon! And this in a country that spends over $1 billion a day to defend itself! Absurd, illogical - nobody would swallow it! 

Unfortunately, there are some of us who have seen these scripts - and of far worse things to come - and we are not laughing. 

One of the few silver linings to these recent tragedies is that maybe - just maybe - people will take seriously, however far-fetched it may seem at first, the prospect that a shadowy, para-governmental and transnational entity exists that has kept UFOs secret - and is planning a deception and tragedy that will dwarf the events of 9/11."

"To be clear: the maniacal covert programs controlling UFO secrecy, ARVs and related technologies - including those technologies that can simulate ET events, ET abductions and the like - plan to hijack Disclosure, spin it into the fire of fear, and roll out events that will eventually present ETs as a new enemy. Do not be deceived."

"By commingling fact with fiction, and by hoaxing UFO events that can look terrifying, the Plan is to eventually create a new, sustainable, off-planet enemy. And who will be the wiser?

You will. Because now you know that after 60 years, trillions of dollars and the best scientific minds in the world pressed into action, a secretive, shadowy group - a government within the government and at once fully outside the government as we know it - has mastered the technologies, the art of deception, and the capability to launch an attack on Earth and make it look like ETs did it. In 1997, I brought a man to Washington to brief members of Congress and others about this plan. Our entire team at the time met this man. He had been present at planning sessions when ARVs - things built by Lockheed, Northrup, et al, and housed in secretive locations around the world - would be used to simulate an attack on certain assets, making leaders and citizens alike believe that there was a threat from space, when there is none. (Before he could testify, his handlers spirited him away to a secret location in Virginia until the briefing was over...) Sound familiar? Wernher von Braun warned of such a hoax, as a pretext for putting war in space. And many others have warned of the same.

Space based weapons are already in place - part of a secret parallel space program that has been operating since the 1960s. ARVs are built and ready to go (see the book "Disclosure" and the chapter with the testimony of Mark McCandlish, et al). Space holographic deception technologies are in place, tested and ready to fire. And the Big Media is a pawn, now taking dictation from the right hand of the king. 

I know this all sounds like science fiction. Absurd. Impossible. Just like 9/11 would have sounded before 9/11. But the unthinkable happened and may happen again, unless we are vigilant."

"But know this: If there was a threat from outer space, we would have known about it as soon as humans started exploding nuclear weapons and going into space with manned travel. That we are still breathing the free air of Earth, given the galacticly stupid and reckless actions of an out of control, illegal, secret group, is abundant testimony to the restraint and peaceful intentions of these visitors. The threat is wholly human. And it is we who must address this threat, rein it in and transform the current situation of war, destruction and secret manipulation to one of true Disclosure and an era of sustained peace.

War in space, to replace war on Earth, is not evolution, but cosmic madness. A world thus united in fear is worse than one divided by ignorance. It is now time for the great leap into the future, a leap that moves us out of fear and ignorance and into an unbroken era of universal peace. Know that this is our destiny. And it will be ours just as soon as we choose it."


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


 