Text Message to TV Screen Entertainment for Nightclubs, Pubs and Live Events by http://www.firetext.tv.

In a world where more than 90% of club goers have cell phones, one thing is for sure; the best way to reach your clients is on their cell phone.  FireText takes advantage of mobile technology and gives nightclubs the tools they need to market to and stay in touch with clients with a free, easy text message.

Times have changed, it's uncommon to see people strike up conversations with strangers, but with technology all of this can change. FireText developers have been in the nightclub industry for the past 15 years they realize nightclubs must change their marketing strategies to suit their client's lifestyle.  

FireText takes advantage of SMS technology to entertain clients, build a marketing database and generate profits.  This may seem like a big statement, but it is really quite simple.  FireText turns nightclubs into virtual chat rooms, allowing people to send text messages to the screens in nightclubs.  While people send text messages to the screen, cast a vote, or enter a contest FireText simultaneously builds a database of cell phone numbers from every user.  Most FireText customers build a database of 3000 cell phone numbers after using the system for one week.  Once that database is built, instant alerts like. Thanks for coming to Flirt Fridays! Show this message for no line/no cover, can be sent to everyone in the database, all from the FireText system. With peoples eyes glued to display screens, nightclubs have also the opportunity to sell prime advertising 
space next to scrolling text messages. 

FireText is built on existing technology, all nightclubs need to make the system work is a cell phone and laptop.  Since clients send text messages to a cell phone, only standard text messaging charges apply and anyone with a cell phone can participate.  

FireText Text Message to Screen Systems presents a unique modern way to communicate in today's technological world allowing nightclubs to keep in touch with their clients and build profits through marketing and advertising. 

Firetext Software is designed to allow patrons of live events to interact with TV screens using normal text messaging. 9 Products crammed into a easy to use software allows patrons to Text Message on TV Screens to Chat with everyone else in the venue. Patrons can vote for important topics, this feature is widely used by corporations for audience polling. Private Flirt Messaging is the driving engine for Singles Parties and Mixers where people can chat directly to each other's cell phones by texting other patron's user names, all phone numbers are kept private, watched the fun as you display everyone's text messages on the TV Screens. Text message song request & birthday shoutouts allow patrons to inspire the DJ right from their seats. Build your guest lists automatically, get patrons to RSVP for your events by text message. Capture everyone's mobile phone numbers and send tickets, coupons and upcoming event notifications all from within the same software. FireText is designed for sponsorship, every aspect of the software. Customizable templates & footers of text messages can be tagged with sponsors names.