Greenfield's Surgery: Scientific Principles And Practice (Hardcover)
by Michael W. Mulholland (Editor), Keith D., M.D. Lillemore (Editor), Gerard M. Doherty (Editor), Ronald V., M.D. Maier (Editor), Gilbert R., Jr., M.D. Upchurch (Editor)


Book Description
The Greenfield Solution gives you a complete print and multimedia package consisting of the full-color textbook, Greenfield's Surgery: Scientific Principles and Practice, Fourth Edition, plus instant access to a wealth of online resources to benefit your daily practice, residency, board review, and teaching.
In addition to the print book, you'll receive instant access to the Website featuring the fully searchable complete content of the Greenfield Textbook. The online textbook is cross-linked to step-by-step descriptions of the most common surgical procedures and pearls of operative techniques from the classic Mastery of Surgery book. Also included is a complete image bank consisting of the full-color images from the Greenfield Textbook that is downloadable for use in PowerPoint, and handy PDA downloads of essential on-the-go surgical information taken from the Greenfield Textbook.

For those preparing for the ABSITE exam, the boards, or recertification examinations, we also include on the Website the entire text of The Review of Surgery with an easy-to-use test bank. This completely updated Fourth edition, not available in print form and only available as part of The Greenfield Solution, provides multiple-choice questions, answers, and rationales behind correct answers. The online review module is organized to correspond with chapters from the Greenfield Textbook for an easy in-depth review. The Website also includes access to current abstracts from the Annals of Surgery, as well as monthly postings of classic articles, help wanted ads, and more.

Included with your Greenfield Solution:

A copy of the full-color PRINT text of Greenfield's Surgery: Scientific Principles and Practice, Fourth Edition providing a full-color text and comprehensive coverage of all types of surgery by integrating basic science with clinical practice Access to an easy-to-navigate Website integrating all the resources you need for daily practice, board review, and teaching at your fingertips Full content of the Greenfield Textbook ONLINE with quick-searching capabilities Links to illustrated and step-by-step instructions to the common surgical procedures taken from Mastery of Surgery to clearly guide you through the decision-making process of operative techniques. The illustrated procedures include editorial comments throughout. A complete image bank of the full-color images from Greenfield's Textbook, searchable and downloadable to PowerPoint Key information from the Greenfield's Textbook downloadable to your PDA for quick access while on the go The full text of The Review of Surgery, a comprehensive online review cross-referenced to the Greenfield Textbook-with multiple-choice questions, answers, and rationales for correct answers-only available as part of The Greenfield Solution Classic articles, current abstracts, key updates and more from the Annals of Surgery

Book Info
University of Michigan,, Ann Arbor. Second edition of a comprehensive , textbook/reference for students, residents and practitioners. Extensive illustration, including highlighted line drawings and some color plates. New chapters on gene therapy and cytokines. 188 contributors, 187 U.S. DNLM: Surgery. --This text refers to an out of print or unavailable edition of this title.


Hardcover: 2277 pages
Publisher: Williams & Wilkins; 4th edition (December 10, 2005)
Language: English
ISBN: 078175626X
Product Dimensions: 11 x 8.5 x 2.2 inches
Shipping Weight: 9.69 pounds