Pieced together from six *.flv files, and worth watching for the true LR enthusiast. Enjoy!

"The Camel Trophy. At one time considered the last "great adventure" was an annual expedition event undertaken from 1981 to 2000. Its purpose was to voyage into harsh lands and put man and machine to the test. The first Camel Trophy, held in 1981, was a trip on the TransAmazonian highway under taken by a group of Germans in Jeep CJ6s. Despite not finishing the trek, it captured the imagination of adventurers across the world. The following year, and every year after until 1998 they used Land Rovers to complete their journeys.

Nearly every year, they sought to challenge a new route, often times, the first ever vehicle traverse of a given route. However frequently it was not enough to just do the expedition, the insidious minds at Camel Trophy decided to do many of the routes durning the regions monsoon or rainy season. Take for example the 1985 event in Borneo when participants frequently were only able to travel a distance of 5 km a day.

Throughout the duration of Camel Trophy, the full range of Solihull's finest were challenged, from the Range Rover in 1982, to the Series IIIs, 90s and 110s, Discovery, and finally the Freelander in Land Rover's final year participating in1998.

By the end though, the focus had drifted away from the vehicles and towards special tasks such as kayaking, canoeing and mountain biking. Partially for this reason, Land Rover and Worldwide Brands (the owners of Camel Trophy) decided to sever their ties after the 1998 event, Tierra del Fuego.

However, the true spirit of Camel Trophy is kept alive by Land Rover enthusiasts everywhere, especially in the Camel Trophy Owners Club, a group dedicated to the ownership of ex-Camel Trophy vehicles. Their vehicles range from Defenders to Freelanders, from well used competition vehicles, to well cared for marshall vehicles.

For a more in depth look at the vehicles and equipment which participated in the Camel Trophy, please see Alex's excellent website Camel-Discovery.com and it's companion website Camel-Defender.com (coming soon)."