COVER: http://www.the-gfx-world.de/ImageHoster/images/43d114e57.jpg

Release Date : 13-09-2006
Protection : SecuROM
Release Type : DVD9
Game Genre : Tactical



GameNotes:

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six makes its next-generation hardware debut in the
most dramatic installment of the renowned first-person shooter franchise
to date. Rainbow operatives take to the chaotic streets of Las Vegas as
an escalating terrorist siege in ôSin Cityö threatens to take world
terrorism to new, uncontrollable heights. The future of global security
hangs in the balance as you battle to defend classic Vegas locations and
environments like Fremont Street, the Strip and casinos. Experience Las
Vegas like never before û through revolutionary next generation
technology as you work against the clock to protect one of the worldÆs
most recognizable cities from utter devastation.


New Leader, New Team - Team Rainbow ushers in a new breed of heroes.
With a new team, comes added responsibility. Tactics play a MAJOR role
in your team's success, as each member comes equipped with his own skill
set.

Logan Keller - Team leader and recon expert.

Michael Walter - Heavy weapons and demolition expert.

Jung Park - Long range and electronics specialist.

Special Order Location - Experience a new level of squad-based realism
as your teammates, Michael and Jung, offer you real-time tactical
suggestions like busting through walls or hacking computers, all in a
race against time to locate the heart of the terrorist cell.

Observe - Plan - Assault - Use tactical planning to maneuver through
multiple-path Vegas environments while utilizing high-tech equipment
such as snake cams to strategically "tag" terrorist targets to your
teammates, prior to entering a room.

Real-Time Immersion - Prepare yourself for a new level of in-game
immersion with real-time mission briefings, all in the midst of the most
intense combat ever played.

Advanced Gameplay Animations - Motion-captured assault and recon
techniques such as fast roping, rappelling, window entry, blind-cover
fire and more. All captured by an experienced Hollywood animation
expert.

Next-Generation Artificial Intelligence - Next-generation technology
brings a higher level of artificial intelligence to Rainbow Six. As you
get past the grunts and advance closer to the center of the terrorist
cell, encounter deadlier, more skilled enemies who work together as a
group to counter every move you make.

Customizable Multiplayer Experience - Create your own multiplayer
character that evolves as you play online, while unlocking new equipment
and achievements as you go.



Install

1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or equivalent
2. Mount with Daemon Tools (latest version)
3. Install Game
4. Run YASU tool incl. with this rls.
5. Play

 
http://www.moviex.info 
http://www.coretorrents.eu.tf