Dominion Tank Police is based on the Masamune Shirow (Appleseed, Ghost in the Shell) manga, Dominion.

Description from <URL>http://www.animenfo.com/animetitle,137,fjawea,dominion_tank_p.html</URL>
In the year 2010 AD, the Earth is encircled by a toxic cloud so noxious the population is required to wear gas-masks. A violent crime is committed every 36 seconds. Leading the attack on society are the sexy but ruthless Cat Sisters - Annapuma and Unipuma.

Enter the Tank Police led by "Mr. Squad Commander" Britain. Extreme tactics are necessary against the notorious Bauku Gang which terrorizes a hospital in order to steal the urine samples of the people unaffected by the toxic atmosphere. The Gang only eludes the fearsome Tank Police by virtue of a deadly striptease perfromed by the feline crime sisters.

Don't miss these action-packed tales of a girl and her tank, fighting the forces of futuristic terrorism. Evil has never been so sexy!

Description from<[URL>http://www.geocities.com/Tokyo/Towers/1073/dominion.htm</URL>

Act 1
As Act 1 opens, Leona, a red-haired female recruit to the Tank Police, reports for duty as Lt. Brenten and his men are interrogating a prisoner with the hand grenade torture. It is Leona's very first assignment. While on patrol inside the company commander's tank special, the cyborg Buaku and his female sidekicks the Puma twins break into a hospital and steal a valuable research material. In her very first personal experience controlling a tank, Leona struggles very hard to run after Buaku and his accomplices. Somehow the Police is able to recover stolen goods, but the commander is fiercely mad! The tank he loves has gone to pieces. What the Buaku gang is after is the urine of healthy people. Healthy people who are not immune to the air pollution have a scarcity value, and they are very important objects of study. The tank police prepares for more attacks from the Buaku gang, and security arrangements are made.

Act 2
Buaku escapes to his hideout and works over his next operation after a representative for Buaku's employer awards him a secret weapon. Buaku heads out for the tank police and provokes them. Tempted by the invitation, the tank police mobilizes all tanks, but they were all overturned by plastic land mines set by Buaku and the others. Coming their way are Leona and Al, riding on the finally completed Bonaparte. Taking along the company commander they head for a hospital. At that time at the hospital, the Buaku gang's two tanks and one security tank are fighting a fierce battle running about inside the hospital. OAV originals Arriving there, the Bonaparte also becomes buried underneath the crumbling hospital, and the Buaku gang successfully gets away while holding the "liquid".

Act 3
This time, the gang is not out to steal the urine of healthy people. Rather, they're after an 80 year old nude painting of Buaku himself. Meanwhile at Tank Police headquarters it's "Showtime". Girl recruit Leona, in Bunny costume, helps lob knives at a drug dealer strapped to a spinning board with a live hand grenade in his mouth. The audience place bets on how many seconds it will take him to spit out the grenade. The Tank Police attend the burglary but Leona is captured by Buaku.

Act 4
The print representing Buaku has been made by the computer of the laboratory where he has been created together with Crolis and it hides all the data of an experiment. For Buaku it is the only connection with his past because that experiment has been wiped out and all the evidences destroyed.
Now Buaku is running away with the painting and Leona, while the Tank Police, Buaku Gang and Red Commandos (the guards of the auction warehouse where Buaku has stolen the painting) are following them.
The episode can end only with a big battle. 

And to note, this is dual audio, with both Japanese and English audio tracks.. needless to say, the English dub is horrible.. beware!

I recently added an Episode 1 only torrent, if you already downloaded it/or are downloading it, just move it to this folder and it should be a bit faster.. or just select DO NOT Download with Episode 1 (with Azureus at least).

This is just a much easier way to reseed if needed.