Die Dreigroschenoper - Weill Brecht - Ute Lemper 1990 - mp3

Kurt Weill and Bertold Brecht - Die Dreigroschenoper (The Threepenny Opera) with Ute Lemper, in German.  Also features  Milva, Helga Dernesch, René Kollo, Rolf Boysen, Mario Adorf. RIAS Berlin Sinfonietta, John Mauceri.  Recorded in 1990 by Decca.

I was so impressed by the amount of interest in my last Die Dreigroschenoper torrent that I thought that I would post another version.  If you wanted the version with Lotte Lenya from 1958, it is here: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/ergot/

If you haven't heard this recording, it is definately worth checking out.  Milva's performance of "Ballade von der sexuellen Hörigke" is phenomenal.

Enjoy!

Track list:

1. Prologue: Overture 
2. Prologue: Moritat vom Mackie Messer (The Ballad Of Mac The Knife)
3. Act One: Morgenchoral des Peachum (Peachum's Morning Hymn)
4. Act One: Anstatt daß-Song (The 'No They Can't' Song) 	
5. Act One: Hochzeits-Lied (Wedding Song)	
6. Act One: Seeräuberjenny (Pirate Jenny)	
7. Act One: Kanonen-Song (The Cannon Song)	
8. Act One: Liebeslied (Love Song)
9. Act One: Barbarasong (Barbara-Song)	
10. Act One: Dialogue 	
11. Act One: Erstes Dreigroschenfinale (First Threepenny Finale)
12. Act Two: Melodram 	
13. Act Two: Polly's Lied (Polly's Song) 	
14. Act Two: Ballade von der sexuellen Hörigke (The Ballad Of Sexual Obsession)	
15. Act Two: Zuhälterballade (Ballad Of Immortal Earnings)	
16. Act Two: Insert-Seeräuberjenny (Pirate Jenny)
17. Act Two: Ballade vom angenehmen Leben (Ballad Of Good Living)	
18. Act Two: Eifersuchtsduett (Jealousy Duet) 	
19. Act Two: Arie der Lucy (Lucy's Aria)
20. Act Two: Dialogue 	
21. Act Two: Zweites Dreigroschenfinale (Second Threepenny Finale)	
22. Act Three: Lied von der Unzulänglichkeit menschlichen Strebens (Song Of The Insufficiency Of Human Endeavour) 	
23. Act Three: Salomonsong (Solomon Song)
24. Act Three: Ruf aus der Gruft (Call From The Grave) 	
25. Act Three: Grabschrift (Epitaph)
26. Act Three: Gang zum Galgen (Procession To The Gallows)
27. Act Three: Drittes Dreigroschenfinale (Third Threepenny Finale)