Rachmaninoff wrote 3 symphonies, the first of which, in D minor, was a monumental failure. He tore up the score and for many years it was believed lost; however after his death, the orchestral parts were found in the Leningrad Conservatory and the score was reconstructed, leading to its second performance (and American premiere) on 19 March 1948 at an all-Rachmaninoff concert marking the fifth anniversary of the composer's death. The second and third were much more popular. Other orchestral works include The Rock, Capriccio on Gypsy Themes, The Isle of the Dead, and the Symphonic Dances.

Rachmaninoff wrote two major choral works: the Liturgy of St John Chrysostom and the All Night Vigil or Vespers. The Bells, a work for choir and orchestra, is based on the translated poetry of Edgar Allan Poe; its four-movement program signifies the circle of life: youth, marriage, maturity, and death. The Vespers and The Bells are widely considered to be some of his finest works.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rachmaninoff

_____

ENCODING: LAME 3.96.1, alt-preset-abr, 192 Kbps


Sergei Rachmaninov / The Three Symphonies (Disc 1) - Leonard Slatkin & St. Louis Symphony Orchestra
Year: 1991
Track	Title	
1.	Symphony No. 1 in D minor, Op.13: I. Allegro ma non troppo	 
2.	Symphony No. 1 in D minor, Op.13: II. Allegro animato	 
3.	Symphony No. 1 in D minor, Op.13: III. Larghetto	 
4.	Symphony No. 1 in D minor, Op.13: IV. Allegro con fuoco	 
5.	Symphony No. 2 in E minor, Op.27: I. Largo - Allegro moderato	 
6.	Symphony No. 2 in E minor, Op.27: II. Allegro molto

Sergei Rachmaninov / Orchestral Music (Disc 2) - Slatkin, St. Louis Symphony Orchestra and Chorus
Track	Title	
1.	Songs for Chorus and Orchestra, Op. 41 - Over the River	 
2.	Songs for Chorus and Orchestra, Op. 41 - Oh! You, Vanka	 
3.	Songs for Chorus and Orchestra, Op. 41 - Powder And Paint	 
4.	Symphonic Dances, Op. 45 - Non Allegro	 
5.	Symphonic Dances, Op. 45 - Andante con moto; Tempo di valse	 
6.	Symphonic Dances, Op. 45 - Lento assai; Allegro vivace	 
7.	Spring Cantata for Baritone, Chorus & Orchestra

Sergei Rachmaninov / Orchestral Music (Disc 3) - Slatkin, St. Louis Symphony Orchestra
Track	Title
1.	Symphonic Poem, Op. 29 - The Isle Of The Dead 
2.	Fantansy For Orchestra, Op. 7 - The Rock
3.	Scherzo In F Major
4.	Symphonic Poem After Alex Tolstoy - 'Prince Rostislav' 
5.	Vocalise For Orchestra, Op. 34 No. 14


