Putumayo Presents:
 - Baila - 2006
Label Putumayo 
Orig Year 2006 
Rip 320kbs
Small Fcover

Baila! 
Featuring Latin flavored tracks from around the world, ¡Baila! is a non-stop celebration of salsa, cumbia, merengue and more.  


With ¡Baila!, Putumayo showcases purely Latin artists along side musicians from other regions who have embraced Latin sounds. The party starts in the streets of Havana before hitting the road, making stops in Los Angeles, New York, France, Belgium, Sweden and West Africa. Raul Paz kicks it off with ?Mua Mua Mua,? seamlessly blending the deep grooves of his native Cuba with the contemporary stylings he?s picked up since relocating to France. Back in Cuba, his countrymates NG La Banda attempt to conquer the world from their backyard. ?La Cachimba? is their mission statement announcing the virtues of a new musical style that?s sure to make them dance in Bayamo, Paris and San José, as the song boasts. 
From Cuba, the party travels to Colombia, where the collective known as La-33 is revitalizing salsa by reconnecting it to the genre?s golden era of the 1960s and 70s when it was the soundtrack of New York?s disenfranchised Latino community. Not to be outdone, however, the ?city that never sleeps? delivers a rhythm-driven one-two punch with The Spanish Harlem Orchestra and Yerba Buena contributing the best of the old school and the new. On the West Coast, Argentinean ex-pats Los Pinguos and Congo native Ricardo Lemvo integrate various Latin elements that keep the party people on their feet. 
The next stop on the party express is Ghent, Belgium, where Gabriel Rios landed after leaving his native Puerto Rico to live with his European lover. Experimenting with a variety of influences while maintaining his deep Latin roots has made this unique musician an unlikely pop star in his adopted home. From Belgium, we travel to Stockholm, Sweden, where the high-powered ensemble Calle Real is bringing a thaw to their native city. 
The Africando All Stars and Brooklyn Funk Essentials round out this collection of high-powered sounds, proving once and for all that the party is right here - on Putumayo?s ¡Baila!. 


Tracklist:
Raul Paz - Mua Mua Mua 
Africando All-Stars - Son Fo 
La-33 - Que Rico Boogaloo 
Gabriel Rios - Bones Bugalu 
Spanish Harlem Orchestra - Escucha el Ritmo 
Calle Real - Hoah 
Ricardo Lemvo - Mama Kiyelele 
Los Pinguos - Tierra Santa 
NG La Banda - La Cachimba 
Yerba Buena - El Burrito 
Brooklyn Funk Essentials - Mambo Con Dancehall


This is the last of the many Putumayo¦s records I have upload, so please help keep seeding this also after you downloaded.
Enjoy It!
Ulysses56 
