NOTE: I will seed this torrent indefinitely.
 
http://www.totalimmersion.net/freestyle-made-easy-dvd.html

Freestyle Made Easy DVD

Three Reasons Why I?m Excited about Freestyle Made Easy
By Terry Laughlin

As I wrote to the TI Coaches in November 2003 when I finished editing Freestyle Made Easy and watched the final cut for the first time, I was ?almost giddy with excitement? at how good it is. As I?ve reviewed it many more times while preparing excerpts for webcasting, my excitement has only increased. Here?s why:


FME really does make Freestyle Easy.
I?d be the last person to claim that it?s easy to learn to swim efficiently. Thirty years of coaching (and 36 years work at improving my own swimming) have shown me that it takes great effort to become effortless. Nevertheless, TI methods have proven to simplify the improvement process more than any other I?ve ever seen. Even so, we?ve experimented tirelessly in seeking improvements that would decrease frustration and increase success for our students. Freestyle Made Easy is the culmination of those efforts and responds to every bit of feedback we?ve gotten from swimmers and TI students on what aspects of their learning experience they needed help with. This particularly applies to those who have had trouble with kicking, sinking, breathing, or any kind of discomfort.

FME empowers you to become your own best TI Coach.
Since November 2002, the ?TI Buddy System? has transformed the learning process for TI students and our coaches. In the Buddy System, our coaches get in the water with two or more students and show them how to teach balance to each other using hands-on assistance, including towing, launching, and ?traction? to make mastery of balance easier and eliminate the struggle, discomfort and uncertainty that had afflicted some students. Using the Buddy System, our students were able to:

    * Learn balance without struggle,
    * Learn better by helping others solve the same problems,
    * Benefit from a collaborative learning experience, and
    * Experience what good balance feels like, and how little effort it takes to maintain it.

Even more exciting, many workshop grads reported that, following the workshop, they had experienced stunning success in helping friends and family improve their own swimming because of their experience with the Buddy System. FME completely illustrates the Buddy System and will literally empower anyone to teach TI to anyone else. It?s the next best thing to having your own private TI Coach.

FME provides the whole picture on smart Freestyle.
If a picture is worth a thousand words, what is good DVD worth in describing the elusive and hard-to-grasp details of smart swimming? While early TI videos and books focused heavily on body position and avoiding drag, FME illustrates everything ? how to kick efficiently; every part of the stroke ? entry, catch, finish, exit and recovery; how to breathe ? in the pool and in open water; and how to do both the relaxing open turn and the fast flip turn. To allow you to study all of this carefully, we?ve used more views (surface, underwater, front, and directly overhead), more slow-motion and more stop action than any video we?ve produced before. If there?s any chance it will help you understand more and practice with more confidence that you?re spending your time and energy effectively, it?s in FME.

Freestyle Made Easy is only available in DVD format ? and if you don?t already own a DVD player, FME may even make it worth your while to get one of the new, highly affordable versions available now. The ability to navigate quickly among lessons will maximize the value of the many important lessons we?ve included.