Search for test78 to find my other uploads.

Die grüne Reise is a guitar-based album (1970) of rather primitive tape-loop experiments. Most of it is enjoyable, spacy rock with decent vocals, and guitar overloaded with echo. Im sure Ive heard more echo`ed tracks than "truth and probability", but I cant for the love of god remember where. ^_^ 


As lead guitarist for the beat-era Rattles, Achim Reichel was one of Germany?s rock pioneers. Military service drew him from that band, and upon return he continued in the pop world with Wonderland. At the start of the 70?s however, his interests in Eastern philosophies coincided with the Progressive music now in vogue. Teaming with lyricist Frank Dostal, first up was the psychedelic (and Beatles-esque) Wonderland Band. Recorded with a cast of Hamburg musicians, it gave a glimpse at where Reichel was going. Yet the story really begins in 1971 with The Green Journey, the first album under the moniker A.R. & Machines. Billed as a "soundtrack to the intended motion picture", it certainly is a trip! Reichel recorded the album by himself, adding voice, percussion and electronic effects, with Dostal providing the lyrics. "Machines" refers to the tape recorders that make up Reichel?s signature "echo-guitar". He layers guitar line over guitar line to hypnotic effect, and effectively predates just about everyone that came after (Fripp, Gottsching etc.). The album certainly reveals a hippie naivety of the era, but that should really be seen as its strength: bluesy, mantric and certainly psychedelic, the album is Reichel?s own twist on Krautrock. It culminated in the whacked-out "Truth and Probability", where Reichel layers his voice through the tape machines! The following year would prove to be a busier one with Reichel releasing three albums.



224Vbr
Covers included

Tracklist:


1. Globus 
2. In The Same Boat
3. Station 2: Beautiful Babylon
4. I'll be your singer you be my song
5.  Body 
6. (a book's blues)
7. As if I have seen all this before
8. Cosmic Vibration (an afternoon concert)
9. Come on people
10 Truth and Probability (a lexicon for self-knowledge)


Enjoy!