Amazon.com reviewer: "mrantknee" (Seattle, Washington USA) 
5 out of 5 stars: I Was There! November 13, 2003
"Having had the rare opportunity to attend this show with many other "Fumblers" (Sarah fans for those who may not know), this show holds a lot of memories for me. Not only because I attended it with friends, but because this taping was by far one of the best performances I have ever seen of Sarah. Of course, being two feet away might have clouded my judgement a bit.
Recorded on her 30th birthday, it also captured Sarah at the height of promoting "Surfacing", having just finished the first year of Lilith Fair the year before. A consummate performer, Sarah's performance was not only technically brilliant but also filled with extreme passion.
... (edit). She is one of those rare performers who doesn't display a sense of ego while doing what she does best. A must-have."


Amazon.com reviewer: Y. Slayton (Washington)
5 out of 5 stars: May 29, 2006
"I've been listening to Sarah McLachlan for years and I saw this on "VH1" when it originally aired. If you taped Sarah McLachlan on "VH1 Storytellers" when it originally aired like I did and are a devoted fan, this is a must have DVD.
The feature performances are for "Good Enough," "Building a Mystery," "Ice Cream," "Sweet Surrender," "Hold On," "Elsewhere," "Possession" "Witness" and "Angel." The last two performances are bonuses which weren't on the original VH1 show. Sarah has a beautiful voice and very powerful words and this was truly an amazing DVD.
I was moved by the passion and emotion and the meaning behind the lyrics. This DVD has terrific sound and features flawless live performances...(edit)"


Actors: Sarah McLachlan, Paula Cole
Format: Color, Live, Dolby
Aspect Ratio: 1.33:1
Resolution: 720 x 528
Framerate: 29.970 fps
Studio: Image Entertainment
DVD Release Date: January 6, 2004
Audio Track: English (Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo)
Songs: Good Enough, Building a Mystery, Ice Cream, Sweet Surrender, Hold On, Elsewhere, Possession, Adia, Witness, Angel

[IMG]http://i121.photobucket.com/albums/o222/Kibbles5757/Storytellers.jpg[/IMG]