Dune  (2000)  - DVD 2 (of 2)
-----------------------------
  
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0142032/

Image: PAL

Language: English, Spanish, Italian

Subtitles: English, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese


 ATENTION: Is a Full DVD9 , a DL - DVD


In the 11th millennium SHADDAM IV., ruler of the Galactic Empire, rids himself of his competitor Prince LETO by giving him control of the desert planet Dune also called Arrakis; fully aware that its present owner, Baron HARKONNEN, will not give it up without a fight. The reason is that Arrakis is the source of the valuable spice, a substance produced by enormous and dangerous sand worms, which bestows special mental qualities on anyone who consumes it. A short while later Harkonnen does indeed succeed in ambushing and massacring Leto and his men. Leto's mistress JESSICA, who is a member of the clairvoyant order of Bene Gesserit, manages to escape into the desert with her son PAUL, and after a long and dangerous march they finally encounter the Fremen, the long suppressed desert tribe of Arrakis. Impressed by Paul's clairvoyant abilities, tribal prince STILGAR takes in the fugitives. Very soon the Fremen are convinced that Paul is their long-prophesied redeemer, and Stilgar prepares him for his great task. While Paul is being instructed in the secrets of desert life he falls in love with young CHANI, who bears him a son. During the next few years the Fremen, led by Paul, wage a guerilla war of attrition against Harkonnen, who suffers heavy losses. Most important of all, they sabotage the planet's spice production: this brings Shaddam IV. onto the scene, who senses that the basis of his power is being threatened. The rebels on Arrakis want to finish off the imperial forces once and for all, but after a terrible battle which costs him almost all his men, Shaddam is finally forced to concede defeat...  Written by Anonymous

It is a distant galaxy in the far future. Arrakis is a desert planet and is the only source of Melange, a vital drug used by the Guild Navigators for space travel from star system to star system. The corrupt Emperor Padishah Shaddam IV sends the Atreides family to Arrakis to take charge of the mining operations of Melange, once controlled by the Atreide's rival family, The Harkonnens. Duke Leto Atreide's son Paul becomes fascinated by the native Freman's culture and learns he has a special powers and he can see images of the future. But the Emperor is in league with the evil Baron Vladimir Harkonnen and the Baron and his loyal army attacks, taking control of the mining operation on Arrakis and Duke Leto is assassinated. Paul and his mother Lady Jessica flee in the desert, where they are befriend by the Fremen. Adopting his Fremen name "Maud'Dib", Paul vows vengeance on Baron Harkonnen and the Emperor and he unites the Fremen and forms a army of warriors and leads into battle, as he sets out to defeat the Harkonnen family and put a stop to the Melange mining operation, as Paul sets out to fulfill his destiny, as he becomes the prophesied all-powerful Kwisatz Haderach. Written by Daniel Williamson 


   William Hurt    ...    Duke Leto Atreides
   Alec Newman   ...    Paul Atreides/Muad'Dib
   Saskia Reeves   ...    Lady Jessica Atreides
   James Watson   ...    Duncan Idaho
   Jan Vlas?k   ...    Thufir Hawat
   P.H. Moriarty   ...    Gurney Halleck
   Robert Russell   ...    Dr. Yueh
   Laura Burton   ...    St. Alia Atreides
   Ian McNeice   ...    Baron Vladimir Harkonnen
   Matt Keeslar   ...    Feyd-Rautha Harkonnen
   L?szl? I. Kish   ...    Glossu Rabban (as Laszlo Imre Kish)
   Jan Unger   ...    Piter Devries
   Giancarlo Giannini   ...    Padishah-Emperor Shaddam Corrino IV
   Julie Cox   ...    Princess Irulan Corrino
   Miroslav T?borsk┬▓   ...    Count Hasimir Fenring		