ntsc
english



link
http://xbox.gamespy.com/xbox/tom-clancys-splinter-cell-3/


this is the dvd5 version i got this from a program called dc++ not sure what has been ripped but the game iutself seems to be working good and intact enjoy




Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Chaos Theory (Xbox) 


The third installment of the stealth-action series starring Sam Fisher. Splinter Cell Chaos Theory takes place in 2008, an age where electronic warfare has turned into the greatest threat to world security. As secret agent Sam Fisher, you are tasked with tracking down and eliminating some of the world's most notorious perpetrators of this newest type of warfare, and to eliminate the new threat of global information warfare. Achieve primary and optional secondary objectives and negotiate missions with multiple pathways. Features all-new weapons and gadgets, including a knife, electronic jammers and the newly customizable SC-20K modular weapons platform. The game is brought to life with voice acting by Michael Ironside, cinematics directed by Andy Davis, and a soundtrack by Amon Tobin. Play two-player co-op on or off-line or go head to head in the unique Spies vs. Mercs online modes. 


Game Info

Developer Ubisoft Montreal  
Publisher Ubisoft  
Genre Action, Adventure 
Release Date March 29, 2005  
ESRB Mature for Blood, Strong Language, Violence  






Hint: Hokkaido Milan Nedich Objecitve
Inspect the two SUVs' license plates either remotely (through Fisher's binoculars) or by interacting with them up close. Redding sheds some light on the real Milan Nedich.


Hint: Cameras In The Dark
Cameras that do not use thermographic vision can be be fooled by shooting out all the ambient and direct light sources to darken the area. As long as the light meter is completely dark, these normal cameras cannot see your spy.


Hint: Stick Camera Reuse
Sticky cameras may be reused in almost any mode as long as they are not destroyed by gunfire or did not use their gas attack.


Hint: Tank Movement
The tanks you face in Solo Mode are rather tough but they move in preset patterns. Down the gunner sitting in the turret, then watch the tank's gun. When it aims away, that's your cue to move by or above it. The only way to destroy a tank is to throw a frag grenade into the gunner's hatch. Quicksave to make sure you don't squander your grenades.


Hint: Whacking North Korean UAVs
North Korean UAVs are tough to take down, but they can be avoided. However, if you went with a kit with a sniper attachment, you can take them out with one well placed shot (anywhere on the body).


Hint: Stopping The Missile Launch
In the final section of the DPRK missile base, Fisher has 3 minutes to stop the missile. From where the missile launches, head right and down into the door to the command center. The abort codes are on the PC to the right of that door. The codes must then be entered in one of the missile command center's PCs, which are the two rooms near the large elevator (lift) leading to the base commander's office on the level above. Assuming you took out all the enemies in that area, the three minutes are more than enough time to abort the missile.


Hint: Choke Hold To Fireman's Carry
Hold the LEFT TRIGGER while grabbing an enemy to choke hold him, then immediately put his body on your spy's shoulder for a fireman's carry.


Hint: Knife To The Back To Fireman's Carry
Hold the RIGHT TRIGGER to engage a knife attack on an enemy from the back; your spy needs to be standing to bring the corpse into a fireman's carry.


Hint: Stun Punch To Fireman's Carry
While your spy (mainly Fisher) is standing and adjacent behind an enemy, hold the LEFT TRIGGER to deliver a non-lethal punch that transitions to the fireman's carry. Note, that this move will still cause mission failure if the person is to be kept awake or alive for an objective.


Hint: Displace International Milan Nedich Objective
Laser mic and record (by zooming in with the EEV) the conversation on the third floor when a merc is assigned to the penthouse by an executive (the room is first one on your right when you get off the elevators on the third floor). Aim the EEV (binoculars) at the glass. This is the ONLY way to get credit for listening to the conversation.


Hint: Dvorak's Output
Speak to the old man multiple times until the conversation clears and he walks to the area with two of the five tubes. With only three tubes to watch over, Fisher can hit the switch on the tubes as the lights above each tube go from green to orange. Hit the switch before they turn red and overheat to get past this part.


Easter Egg: Metal Gear Solid
Enemies in the Kokubo Sosho's (stage 10) basement have LTL (Less Than Lethal) stunguns. Interrogate any of the guards in the basement about their zapping toy for some amusing comments regarding ammunition. Take that Snake!


Easter Egg: Prince of Persia
During Stage 5, while infiltrating Displace International, Fisher will be able to come across two guards talking about another great UbiSoft hit the Prince of Persia Warrior Within. It is the small cafe next to a laser filled hallway, past a keypad locked door. A second way to access the room is through a vent, but about half the conversation is muffled due to Fisher being stuck inside a vent. Game of the year indeed!


Hint: Opportunity Objectives - Lighthouse
The bonus objectives in the Lighthouse are weapons crates Fisher can identify using electromagnetic vision. 

The empty jail cell past the cave with the diesel generator. 
The tunnel right before Morgenthal's torture chamber, with a diesel generator. 
Past Morgenthal's torture chamber, there are two tents outside; one of the tents has a box. 
Below the wooden walkway leading to the laptop referred in Grim's transmission. This small outside area has two guards talking about Lacerda's whereabouts that leads to the cancellation of the Eliminate Lacerda objective. 
The small room next to the cannons on the rampart. 



Hint: Opportunity Objectives - Cargo Freighter
The bonus objectives in the ship are weapons crates Fisher can identify using electromagnetic vision. He can also interrogate Hugo Lacerda prior to the application of the Fifth Freedom. 

Inside the first cargo hold where Redding transmits about the weapons crates, but before the transmission regarding the hull leak. 
After the engine room (with the gas leak) and before climbing the stairs to the ledger office, there is a hall behind the stairs leading to the box. 
Head past the office with the transit ledgers and go past the sickbay. A box is under the stairs past the aforementioned rooms in the ship exterior. 
Inside the ship's galley, near the meat locker. This is the deck above the sickbay and ledger office. 
Under the stairs near the captain's quarters. This is inside the ship. 
Below the exfiltration point, on the rear deck. 



Hint: Opportunity Objectives - The Bank
The bonus objectives in the bank are eight PCs Fisher needs to hack into to place fake e-mails. Shutdown the PCs you check to keep track of the ones you've investigated. Don't forget to erase the video evidence in the second floor security office. 

The bank's front reception desk. 
First floor security room leading to the main vault. 
Bank officer's office opposite the vault security room described in #2. 
The large security room on the first floor. 
The second floor reception, in the area with the laser trapped floor and Grim's tranmission regarding them. 
The main security office on the second floor. 
The bank president's office. 
The main vault. 



Hint: Opportunity Objectives - Penthouse
The bonus objectives in the computer geek's penthouse are six thermographic cameras that need to be tapped. Note that Fisher cannot hide from these cameras since they can see in the dark. Use nightvision to detect their cone of vision or fry their systems temporarily using the DCP. 

Past the half contructed area and the PC with the architectural plans is a small flat rooftop with stairs leading into the rest of the penthouse. Redding will contact Fisher about the cameras here, so the camera in question is rather obvious. 
In a portico (small yard on the roof) under a trellis (wood beams overhead). This is past the guard listening to some bad rock music in a guest room. 
In a hallway leading to a busted lift. This hallway is adjacent to the living room and camera #4. 
In the living room. The tapestries literally shows Fisher the path to take. 
Bedroom on the second floor. 
Inside the greenhouse on the second floor. 



Hint: Opportunity Objectives - Displace Int'l
Uploading Grim's Trace Programs on the Displace servers. Fisher will need to hack into each PC to plant the trace. 
The operations room (lecture hall) near where Fisher makes his trespass. It's easier to approach it from the bottom (where the bathrooms are) and palm strike the guard in the room. The PC you're looking for is at the top of the lecture hall. Simply hack in and place the tracer while reading all the other info. 

The exercise room, on the same floor as #1. The room is has a guard running on an exercise bicycle and is adjacent to the one where two guards talk about Prince of Persia. 

The Displace gun range PC. Actually, it is the PC in small server room on the upper level. That room has a vent leading to the main (primary) server room. 
The VIP reports are scattered in several PCs throughout the level. You can complete them easily by locating each PC in each room and being methodical. Pay attention to the PCs in the Operations Room, Exercise Room, Gun Range, Server Rooms, and security foyers.


Hint: Opportunity Objectives - Hokkaido
Disable all microphones in residence. Microphones can be found in EM or thermal vision mode, but they are quite scattered all over the place, so be on the look-out for them. 
The first room with a phone after two guards talk about ninjas. It's behind a wall scroll. 
Past the ofuro (hot tub) room and kitchen, Fisher overhears two guards talking about bugs. It is in the dining area (remember this is Japan, so don't look for chairs) that overlooks a small garden area with bamboo plants. The kitchen and a bathroom are nearby. The microphone is again behind a wall scroll. 
In the area where a Buddha statue is. Look for the microphone next to a phone in the bedroom. Note that Milan Nedich's phone conversation can be heard throughout this area (past the large garden), in case you're completely lost. 
After assassinating Nedich, Fisher drops into the servants' quarters. Look around the room with the big screen television talking about the North American tree slug and cut out the microphone behind the wall scroll. 
In the servants' quarters, look into one of their rooms (same general area as #4). Behind a wall scroll. 
Locate the art studio (the room with an easel) past the servants' garden. The microphone is behind a wall scroll. 



Hint: Opportunity Objectives - Battery
Several PCs need hacking to recover repair logs. Fisher can also rig warheads in east and west missile bays to explode as a contingency. 
Head past the bunker entrance and look for a small clerical area with a shuttered corner office. The DPRK officer inside has his butt occupying the PC Fisher needs. You know what to do. 
The PC inside the control room above the missile loading bay. This room is past barracks and storeroom; country music may be heard in that room. 
The PC in the missile tracking room where the base commander executes a technician for gross negligence. It's one of the PCs in the upper level. 
The PC inside west missile bay control room, right next to the one where the missile abort codes are entered. 
There are two warheads in the east and west missile bays that can have their wires bypassed. Rig them both and complete this objective. If you have a chance, interrogate the battery commander about tropp strength as well



Hint: Opportunity Objectives - Seoul
Propaganda loudspeakers need to be cut before they drive Fisher more nuts than he is already. 
On the right side of street when facing away from the first truck. This is presumably after the special forces interrogation (chances are you'll fail if anything else is attempted). Check EM vision to see where any plausible wires and set-ups are. Two spherical lanterns are overhead. 
To the passenger side of the first mobile HQ, near some umbrella covered tables. 
On top of the ladder, just outside of the NDT building. It is next to an air vent. 
Five portable radars need to be shutdown via its controlling PC. Note that destroying them will make this objective impossible to complete. 
Right near the beginning where Fisher encounters a DPRK UAV for the first time. 
On second rooftop, on top of the office's roof. This is after a hand over hand pipe exercise. Some SC-20K ammo is near this radar set. 
Across from the broken bathrooms, on a small rooftop (it's a restaurant) and in plain sight of a second DPRK UAV. 
On the building rooftop after first IFV (infantry fighting vehicle). The uneducated may refer to this as a tank or APC. 
On a rooftop next to the crashed EWAC. A pipe near the two EWAC pilots may be used to reach it. 
Two mobile HQs need to be tapped. One is in the first part of Seoul (before the communications building) and the second mobile HQ is after the first IFV. These are not hard to find. Look for large U-Haul vans with a load of electronics inside. Those are mobile HQs. 
Inside the restaurant (the building with several open/destroyed floors), descend to the bottom and locate a broken UAV on a kitchen table. The PC has the files Fisher wants. Note this is right before the "Do Not Kill ROK forces" objective. 

The first of two IFVs is right after the restaurant. Kill the surrounding enemies, disable your ROK "friends", and douse the street lights to sneak past the IFV. Get on top of the roof near the radar station and toss a frag grenade into the gunner's hatch. The second IFV is after the second mobile HQ. Get on top of the scaffolding next to it and blow the hatch using frags. 

When Fisher gets to the EWAC, rescue both pilots and take them into a side alley to save them before painting the EWAC for destruction.



Hint: Opportunity Objectives - Bath House
Tapping all bathouse phone boxes is a piece of cake in this mission; the hard part is surviving the final section to defuse the bombs. 
The starting alley where repair guy is working. It's in the corner of the street. 
The phone box in drained swimming pool. 
The reception desk past steam baths. Fisher passes by a gun turret before this area. 
The ISDF orders are on PCs in the barred surveillance room. Get in through the vent in the bathouse owner's office. A bonus objective to hack Shetland's PC is also up for grabs; do it and download the Chaos Theorem.


Hint: Opportunity Objectives - Kokubo Sosho
There is a bonus objective during the final part of the stage. Hack the server before destroying it to achieve it.
