[img]http://www.filmaffinity.com/imgs/movies/full/63/634106.jpg[/img]

Enemy of the State (1998)  

RUNNING TIME:  	127 min.

COUNTRY: 	United States

DIRECTOR: 	Tony Scott

SCREENWRITER: 	David Marconi

COMPOSER:       Trevor Rabin & Harry Gregson-Williams

CINEMATOGRAPHER: Dan Mindel

CAST: 	Will Smith,  Gene Hackman,  Jon Voight,  Lisa Bonet,  Jason Lee,  Ian Hart,  Tom Sizemore,  Regina King,  Loren Dean,  Jake Busey,  Barry Pepper,  Gabriel Byrne,  Stuart Wilson,  Jason Robards,  Philip Baker Hall,  Laura Cayouette,  Scott Caan

STUDIO/PRODUCER: Touchstone Pictures presents a Don Simpson / Jerry Bruckheimer Production & Scott Free Production


GENRE: 	Action

SYNOPSIS: Robert Clayton Dean (Will Smith) is a lawyer with a wife and family whose happily normal life is turned upside down after a chance meeting with a college buddy (Jason Lee) at a lingerie shop. Unbeknownst to the lawyer, he's just been burdened with a videotape of a congressman's assassination. Hot on the tail of this tape is a ruthless group of National Security Agents commanded by a belligerently ambitious fed named Reynolds (Jon Voight). Using surveillance from satellites, bugs and other sophisticated snooping devices, the NSA infiltrates every facet of Dean's existence, tracing each physical and digital footprint he leaves. Driven by acute paranoia, Dean enlists the help of a clandestine former NSA operative named Brill (Gene Hackman) and Enemy of the State kicks into high-intensity hyperdrive. Teaming up once again with producer Jerry Bruckheimer, Top Gun director Tony Scott demonstrates his glossy style with clever cinematography and breakneck pacing. Will Smith proves that there's more to his success than a brash sense of humour, giving a versatile performance that plausibly illustrates a man cracking under the strain of paranoid turmoil. Hackman steals the show by essentially reprising his role from The Conversation--just imagine his memorable character Harry Caul some 20 years later. Most of all, the film's depiction of high-tech surveillance is highly convincing and dramatically compelling, making this a cautionary tale with more substance than you'd normally expect from a Scott-Bruckheimer action extravaganza.

Region: PAL
   
Language: Dolby Digital 5.1: English. Spanish


Subtitles: English, Spanish, German, Polish


DVD9=>DVD5
DVD-Decrypter, DVD-ReMake, DVD-Rebuilder+CCE (Bitrate medio de video: 3920 Kbps), PGC-Demux, Adobe Photoshop, SubRip, SubtitleWorkshop, MaestroSBT, Sonic Scenarist
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120660/