
Description Pretty missy has it all. Stunning good looks, youth and her very own efficency apartment. Finally she has the privacy to do what she wants. Missy seems to be a wholesome girl next door, but she secretly harbors a very kinky fantasy life which you will see in intimate detail in The Apartment. 

After her garbage disposal goes on the fritz, Missy calls Ned, the apartments hulking maintenance man. It quickly becomes apparent by his not so subtle advances and leering looks that Ned would like to fix hot little Missy's other plumbing as well. Later during her nightly workout, Missy recieves a call from her "secret admirer" which she is fairly certain is the pervert maintenance man. Between lurid groans of self pleasuring he vividly describes what he would like to do to her, throwing in just the right amount of detail to make her wonder if he had been spying on her somehow. He even knew about the large vibrator she kept in her panty drawer. Missy finally hangs up the phone and resumes her workout, but she keeps thinking about what the pervert caller said, sparking a fantasy of dark pleasure and humilating pain. She imagines the maintenance man breaking in and forcing himself on her, pinning her to the floor as he strips her and has his way with her. Totally helpless to stop him, Ned mauls her tits as he forces his way between her soft thighs. He even takes her panties and shoves them roughly in her mouth to silence her grunts of protest as he flips her on her belly for more fun. Her disturbing fantasy leaves Missy wet between the legs and horny as hell. 

Retreating to the shower after her workout, Missy soon finds herself again consumed in dark fantasies. Her fingers slowly find thier way to her swollen pleasure button as her mind reels through scenarios of pain and humiliation. Soon her body is rocked by one orgasm after another as the hot water pounds upon her soft flesh... Feling relaxed after her shower, Missy is heading to bed when a blur of a large figure bursts from her closet and roughly grabs her from behind. It doesn't take her long for her to figure out who it is even though the attacker is wearing a nylon over his head. It's Ned the horny maintenance man! As Missy feels the nylon around her neck tighten, panic ensues and she puts up a mighty struggle but it's no use. Finally she is engulfed in blackness. 

Missy awakens to find herself bound face down on the bed with her own nylons and panty gag in her mouth as her enourmous dildo is hauled out by her gloating attacker. Ned takes fiendish pleasure in her cries of agony and humiliation as he slowly impales her puckering starfish with her unyeilding device, then cruelly strapping it in with a belt. Next Missy is dragged to a closet where she is tied in a very uncomfortable 5 point position. Ned then tapes her mouth shut and applies clothes pins to both her jutting nipples and tender mound before leaving her for a bit to enjoy the suffering in the 100 degree heat as he cranks the thermostat all the way up. Poor Missy is then tired spread eagle for a ruthless belt beating, her sweat covered body soon glistening with welts and bruises as she struggles in futility against her bonds, finally collapsing from exhaustion and pain. 

Missy is then tied tightly to a chair, a dirty washcloth stuffed in her mouth to ensure she suffers in silence. She is totally immobilized by phone cord and rope but the worst is yet to come. Clothespins are attached to strategic points on her lovely body, strung with bits of string to the nearby door jam. Thus tied, every movement is excruciating. not yet done with his pretty prize, our sadistic maintenance man has more dirty tricks for Missy to perform... 

This is an incredible erotic fantasy filled with submission, humiliation and tight bondage featuring bondage superstar Lisa Kinkaid in her hottest performance  
ever