P2P Art - The aesthetics of ephemerality.
www.p2p-art.com

Art made for - and only available on - the peer to peer networks.
The original artwork is first shared by the artist until one other user has downloaded it.
After that the artwork will be available for as long as other users share it.

The original file and all the material used to create it are deleted by the artist.

There\'s no original

P2P Art is an artproject from Swedish media artist and filmmaker Anders Weberg.
www.andersweberg.com

Filter

A 73 minute experimental non-linear film made by Anders Weberg.

Filter is fully based on the emotions that I experienced in the beginning of 2006
when I woke up one night and found my son unconscious on the floor.
A couple of minutes passed by until I could bring him back.
The fear and desperation I felt during this time is what the film is all about.


This film and all the files used creating it was deleted 2006/09/15

There┬┤s no original

Feel free to download the film, watch it and share it for as long as you like.
Or delete it immediately.The aesthetics of ephemerality.

info
Released: 2006/09/15
Runtime: 73 min
Genre: experimental film
Codec: XviD
Size: 699MB
Video and sound: Anders Weberg
Filter[2006]by.Anders.Weberg.P2P-ART.com.XviD.avi

This is a bold and interesting move on the part of the film-maker,
putting trust in the work and the power of those sharing files via
peer to peer networks such as BitTorrent.
It is at once a meditation on the ephemeral nature of art, and a blind leap of faith. Michael Pick

from the article How P2P Networks Are Transforming The Creative Landscape.

So the guy really is a true P2P artist.
His artwork lives and dies according to the whims and desires of the P2P community,
Who knew that we had our very own art gallery in the wild-west that is P2P.
While we weren\'t looking somebody hung a painting over the saloon piano
and it is now slowly being noticed for what it means and represents.
Jon Newton

from the article BitTorrent Gets Artsy.
