Clue v.6.4

Pakken inkluderer:
    - Engelsk Ordbok
    - Engelsk-Fransk Ordbok
    - Engelsk-Norsk Ordbok
    - Engelsk-Spansk Ordbok
    - Engelsk-Svensk Ordbok
    - Norsk Ordbok
    - Norsk Medisinsk Ordbok
    - Norsk-Tysk Ordbok

Installasjonsinformasjon:
   Pakk ut setup.zip, start setup.exe og bruk keygen.exe
   for å lage en registreringsnøkkel.

   Unzip setup.zip, open setup.exe and use keygen.exe included in this
   package to register the program.
   
Enjoy!

SUPPLIER ...: Team ORiON     RELEASED ...: 07/14/2006
CRACKER ....: Team ORiON    PROTECTION .: Custom
PACKAGER ...: Team ORiON   DISKS ......: XX/10

URL: http://www.clue-international.com/

Info

   Quite simply, Clue is an electronic dictionary that will let you look 
   up words in one language and see translations to another. You can also 
   copy words from Clue into other programs. There are Clue dictionaries 
   for several different languages and in varieties ranging from simple 
   dictionaries to specialized technical, economic and medical 
   dictionaries.
   
   All dictionaries work in exactly the same way; a single Clue program 
   can access as many dictionaries as you like. Which dictionary is to be 
   used is something you can choose very simply from a menu listing all 
   the dictionaries you have installed. You can also switch from 
   dictionary to dictionary by pressing the tab key. By pressing tab + 
   shift you can return to the dictionary you used last.
   
   Clue is extremely user-friendly and you will very rarely need to use 
   the help menu. However, it may be useful to take a look as you may 
   find that the program  has more capabilities than you previously 
   realized.
   
   The words that you look up in Clue can be copied quickly to other 
   Windows programs you are working in simultaneously simply by 
   double-clicking on the word.
   
   You can look words up quickly in Clue. Your use of language will 
   improve by using Clue every time you are in doubt about a translation 
   of a word.