The out of Towners (1970)
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0066193/

Image: PAL

Languaje: DD 2.0 English, Spanish, French, German, Italian

Subtitles: English, Arabian, Bulgarian, Croatian, Chezc, Dutch, Finish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hungarian, Islandian, Italian, Portugues, Romanian, Serbian, Slovenian, Spanish, Turkish


DIRECTOR:Arthur Hiller

CAST:

   Jack Lemmon   ...    George Kellerman
   Sandy Dennis   ...    Gwen Kellerman
   Sandy Baron   ...    Lenny Moyers
   Anne Meara   ...    Purse Snatching Victim in Police Station
   Robert Nichols   ...    Passenger
   Ann Prentiss   ...    Airline Stewardess #1
   Ron Carey   ...    Barney Polacek, Cab Driver in Boston
   Philip Bruns   ...    Officer Meyers
   Graham Jarvis   ...    Murray the mugger
   Carlos Montalbán   ...    Manuel Vargas
   Robert King   ...    Agent in Boston
   Johnny Brown   ...    Waiter in Train
   Dolph Sweet   ...    Police Sgt Kavalefski
   Thalmus Rasulala   ...    Police Officer (as Jack Crowder)
   Jon Korkes   ...    First Burglar

George and Gwendolyn Kellerman, a couple from Twin Oaks, Ohio, takes an all expenses-paid trip to the "Big Apple"- New York City for George's big meeting for a top business company. George has a special night planned for Gwen before the big meeting the next morning. It consist of a dinner-and-dessert for two, then dancing, and finally back to their luxurious hotel suite at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel. It seems like the perfect getaway vacation...until it takes a turn for the worse. Bad things stars to arise: The plane is rerouted to Boston's Logan International Airport; They hop on a cattle-style crowded train to Grand Central, with extreme shortage of food; Upon arrival, the entire New York City Transit Authority, the local cab company, and the Sanitation Dept. are on strike; A heavy thunderstorm drenches George and Gwen; The hotel gave away their room; George and Gwen get mugged twice and kidnapped (in a NYPD squad car). It's then that George is not taking this lying down anymore and threatens to sue everybody that never gave them a chance. Someway, the 'Big Apple Pie' can taste very sour for the "Out-of-Towners." 