PRISON BREAK SEASON 2 Episodes 1 to 12 on 3 DVDs by deathmule

my other torrents 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/deathmule


Episode 201
"Manhunt"

As night turns into day over Fox River Penitentiary, a hand meticulously works over a crypto-quote. Off-screen, FBI Agent Alexander Mahone asks, ?The escapees -- who were they?? 

Another agent tells us; ?Michael Scofield, structural engineer, five years for armed robbery. Benjamin Miles Franklin, former U.S. Army, eight years for possession of stolen goods. John Abruzzi, don of the crime family of the same name. Life without parole for conspiracy to commit murder. Charles ?Haywire? Patoshik, sixty years for 2nd degree murder. Fernando Sucre, five years for aggravated robbery. David ?Tweener? Apolskis, five years for grand larceny. Theodore ?T-Bag? Bagwell. Life for six counts of kidnapping and murder. Lincoln Burrows. Scheduled to die next week for the murder of President Reynold?s brother.? 

Mahone asks how long it?s been since they went over the wall? ?8:00 p.m. last night.? Scofield and Burrows are brothers. And Scofield?s the mastermind of this thing? I want everything they have on him. 

As Michael and the rest of the cons race through a dense forest, Bellick and his team of C.O.?s are fast upon their heels. The cons momentarily stop to catch their breath, when off screen, they hear a strange sound coming from beyond the tree-line. They walk a few feet and discover the noise is a passing train. The cons break towards it, with Lincoln leading the charge. With the C.O.?s still on their tails, Lincoln, Abruzzi and C-Note race in front of the train and just narrowly cross the tracks to escape on the other side. But Michael and Sucre are a few steps behind them. As they try to keep up, Sucre manages to jump up onto the side of the moving train and climb inside a boxcar. Bellick reaches the tree line and sees Michael grabbing onto the train. Raising his shotgun, he shouts, ?Freeze! I will gun you down Scofield!? But Sucre quickly pulls Michael inside just as Bellick fires off a wild shot, hitting the side of the train. The pair then successfully jump off the other side of the train and make their escape. Frustrated, Bellick turns to another C.O., asking where the air units are. ?Back on the ground refueling.? Bellick fumes. 

Back at Fox River, Mahone prepares for a press conference. He straightens the cuffs of his suit jacket, staring into his hardened reflection in a mirror. Before he walks out, he grabs a pen. As camera flashes start to pop off in quick succession, Mahone enters the press conference and takes his position behind the podium. ?I?d like to talk about John Wilkes Booth for a moment,? he tells the room of anxious reporters. ?Abraham Lincoln?s killer. Twelve days. That?s how long it took to find him. He was a shrewd guy; he knew the land, how to use it to disappear. In his journal during this period he wrote that the shadow was his friend, the night his domain. He acknowledged that whatever neurosis drove the criminal to commit the original crime is compounded, magnified, by flight. By the sounds of dogs at his heels. Fear becomes paranoia, paranoia ultimately psychosis. I bring this up because in 140 years the fundamental mind of the escaped man has not changed. The escaped man is still human. He is still afraid. And he will stop at nothing in his attempt at flight. Fortunately for us, while our quarry has shadow and night as his ally, we have something far greater. Far more powerful than law enforcement had in those days. Television. I would encourage everybody who is watching ? everyone in this country to take a look at these faces. These men are now the eight most wanted men in America.? 
---------------------------------


Episode 202
"Otis"
Airdate: 08/28/2006

Mahone sits in his backyard on the phone. From the other end of the line we hear: ?Canadian and Mexican border patrols have all the mug shots. BORTAC?s on high alert.? Mahone: ?See if we can get the Mexican border patrol to set up check points fifty miles in.? As Mahone continues to discuss things with his associate, Ives, he stares at a bird bath in his yard. Ives tells him that the Warden from Fox River, Pope called, he?s asking to be kept in the loop, what should he tell him? ?Tell him,? Mahone replies, ?that he?s no longer in it.? Mahone hangs up, then stands and walks over to the object of his fascination ?the birdbath. Mahone peeks over its edge, and his reflection looks back at him.

Michael sits on a park bench, sporting a cream suit, Cub?s hat and glasses, and looking more like a preppy college student than an escaped con. The front page of the newspaper he?s reading has a story on the Fox River 8 ?complete with mug shots and all. But what Michael really seems to be interested in is a family across the way, setting up their Sunday picnic, and the open trunk of their SUV. 

In an abandoned building, Lincoln, C-Note, Sucre and Abruzzi wait impatiently for Michael?s return. C-Note, a little surly, asks Lincoln: ?What?s the plan, man?? Lincoln, equally surly, responds: ?No bars on these doors, do what ya like.? Sucre, frustrated as well, chimes in: ?With what?? C-Note reminds Lincoln they were supposed to be in Mexico right now drinking margaritas, and waiting for the heat to dip. Sucre, clearly getting more and more anxious by the minute, asks Lincoln where Michael is. Linc tells him he?ll be back. C-Note half-jokingly suggests to Sucre that maybe they should make a go of ?the? money ?after all it?s just sitting in Tooele, Utah, waiting to be dug up. Lincoln?s had enough of C-Note, ?If you?re gonna stay here then shut up!? he commands. Just as things are about to get really heated, Michael returns. ?Hey! Relax,? he says as he places a picnic basket full of fried chicken and beer on the table.

As the guys chow down, Sucre expresses his concerns about being all over the news. C-Note retorts ??Yeah, and you didn?t see that coming?? Michael approaches them. ?Last supper boys. This is the part where we say goodbye.? He hands them some cash, telling them that it?s not much but it?s enough to get them started. As C-Note and Sucre gratefully accept, Abruzzi stands and shoots Michael a look. Michael can tell where this is heading. ?No. I?m not telling you where Fibonacci is.? Abruzzi smiles, ?Well I didn?t ask. I only ask for a quarter for a phone call.? Michael hands him a dollar ?Make four.? Sucre wonders out loud about the other guys. C-Note remarks that they all had a head start ?except for T-Bag that is. ?Yeah.? Abruzzi begins, ?he was, uh, bleeding pretty bad?? 

Dr. Gudat, the veterinarian, finishes the sutures an un-anesthetized T-Bag who fights to stay conscious. T-Bag: ?Are you done?? Dr. Gudat: ?No. I still have to clean it.? T-Bag presses him, ?But you?re done?? Dr. Gudat assures him that he is. As the good doctor puts away his tools, T-Bag summons the courage to look at his newly reattached hand. His entire wrist is a bloody mess, and the stitches look like barbed wire ?it ain?t pretty. T-Bag stares at it for a moment, before he?s overcome by a wave of nausea and vomits.
-----------------------------------------


Episode 203
"Scan" written by Zack Estrin
Airdate: 09/04/2006

Blackened tires, the charred remains of a car; big yellow galoshes squish around burnt wreckage as investigators work the scene. Mahone?s there too, with the medical examiner. ?You risk your life, break out of prison, only to end up dead at the bottom of a ditch,? the ME laments. ?Kinda sad really.? But Mahone remains focused on the wreckage. ?So which one of them was it??

Twelve Hours Earlier flashes across the bottom of the screen as we pan down the bulletin board at Mahone?s headquarters. The Fox River escapees? pictures stare back at Mahone as Agent Lang approaches; ?We?ve got a blanket on all the hospitals,? she tells him. ?If they?ve got Band-Aids and Bactine we?ve got a body there.? She informs Mahone that if Linc and Michael come looking for medical attention they?ll be in a van on their way back to Fox River. Mahone in quires about the other six cons. Lang says they?ve got eyes and ears on the families, but so far nothing. Mahone wonders aloud, ?What?s the hardest thing in the world for a con to do?? Lang doesn?t miss a beat, ?Nothing,? she says. Mahone agrees, ?Few things in life are certain; death, taxes, and the fact that a man on the run will make a mistake sometime in the first 72 hours. Needing distance, he?ll steal a car. Needing money, he?ll rob a store. Needing help, he?ll trust someone he shouldn?t. And when he does ? he will leave behind the crumbs that will take us right to him.?

Several urgent raps on a front door, and Nika, Michael?s ?wife,? appears. Michael supports a weak and bleeding Lincoln, ?I need your help.? Inside, Michael sends Nika on a scavenger hunt; ?Cayenne pepper, rubbing alcohol, towels and pain killers.? ?And some booze,? Lincoln finishes. Nika hesitates, Michael?s urgent. ?Please!? Nika scours the house. Michael pulls Linc?s bloody pant leg up. Lincoln takes a big swig from the bottle of vodka Nika hands him and tells Michael, ?Let?s keep moving.? Michael says if they keep moving, Lincoln?s leg will keep bleeding, and they?ll never get out of Illinois. He looks his brother dead in the eye, ?This is gonna hurt,? then pours rubbing alcohol directly on the gun shot wound in Lincoln?s leg. Lincoln grimaces with pain and takes another swig of vodka. Michael takes the cayenne pepper, sprinkles it on Lincoln?s leg, ?this will seal the capillaries,? he says. Lincoln reels from the pain. Nika tells Michael he shouldn?t have come, that the police have already been there looking for him. Michael tells her he?s sorry, but they had no choice. Nika?s very thankful for the help with the green card, but she doesn?t want to get involved. Michael?s stressed, he knows it wasn?t part of the deal, and he?s sorry ? really sorry. Nika calms, ?when I saw you on the news I was worried, I hoped you?d crossed the border by now.? Michael nods, ?So did I.? He finishes wrapping Lincoln?s leg, hands Nika a prescription bottle of pain pills, ?Keep giving him these ? see if you can find him some clean clothes.? As Nika goes off in search of clothes, Michael tells Linc he has to go back and get the car. Lincoln?s starting to feel the vodka, ?forget the car, we?ll grab another.? But Michael doesn?t need ?a car? he needs that car, inside it is everything he and Lincoln need to disappear.

Michael appears from the alley next to the hardware store, looks down the street ? not a car in sight. There?s broken glass on the ground by the curb where his car should be. As Michael thinks through possible scenarios, he kneels down, picks up a piece of broken glass. His eyes wander to his wrist and the tattoo of a barcode there with the numbers 38 312 1037. 
------------------------------------------


Episode 204
Airdate: 09/11/2006

A car shoots down the rural highway, Lincoln at the wheel, Michael sitting shotgun. Nika?s in the back and asks Michael, ?What happens when you get to Mexico?  Where will you go??  Michael doesn?t turn around, ?It?s best if you don?t know.  Best for everyone.  We?ll drop you off in the next town. And I?ll wire you that ten thousand like I said.  Shouldn?t take more than a week or two.?  Lincoln glances in the rearview mirror and notices a car on their tail, coming up really fast.  He alerts Michael, who turns and sees the front end of an old beat up four-door sedan and then BAM!  Nika?s little economy car is jolted forward from the impact, as Lincoln fights to maintain control.  The sedan steps on the gas, comes up beside them; Bellick pokes his mean mug out the window and sneers at them.  Lincoln?s shocked, ?It?s Bellick!?  Geary turns the wheel, and slams the sedan into Nika?s car again.  Lincoln?s doing his best to get away, and as Nika screams, he floors the accelerator.  Geary continues to bash against them, and Michael, desperate and frustrated asks Lincoln, ?Can?t this thing go any faster?!?  Linc, equally upset, ?What do you think?!?  An oncoming truck forces Geary into Lincoln?s lane, but just as soon as it passes, Geary jumps out again to broadside them.  He noses the big old sedan into Nika?s little car and, with a thrust on the gas pedal, shoves them clean off the road.  Nika?s car takes out a bouquet of mailboxes,  and crashes head on into a large tree.  The radiator hissing, Lincoln, Michael and Nika get out of the crushed and smoking car, only to be greeted by gunshots. Bellick?s on them in a flash, and fires two warning shots, ?Nobody move!  Nobody move!?  Lincoln and the rest put their hands in the air, as Linc adds ?No need for anyone to get hurt, Boss.?  Bellick tells him there?s no need for formalities; he?s no longer an employee of the state, thanks to them.  Michael: ?I think somebody wants that reward??  But Bellick wises them up, ?Your pal Manche told me all about your little treasure hunt for Westmoreland?s stash.?  Michael and Lincoln look concerned, and they should be, cause Bellick gives them the bad news, ?Get in the car.  We?re going to Utah.?

At gunpoint, Bellick and Geary push Linc, Michael and Nika into the car, all the while Bellick gloating, ?All the cops lookin? for ya all over the country, when all ya had to do was tail the tail, ya know??  He leers at Nika, ?Move the moneymaker, sweetheart.?  Geary pushes Linc hard, and he lands on the sedan and looks down, noticing the headlight is broken.  He surreptitiously takes a shard from it, and slides it under the wheel of the sedan as Michael tries to reason with Bellick, ?If you know about the money in Utah, why do you need us??  Bellick admits that Manche didn?t hear everything Westmoreland had to say before he kicked the bucket, but he heard Utah and five million.  He figures Michael and Lincoln can fill in the blanks.  Bellick roughs up Nika, as he shoves her into the car, and Michael tries to intervene.  But Bellick?s not having it, ?Don?t even think about getting cute, smartass.  Now you and your brother are gonna take me right to where that money is, or the whore gets dead real fast.  Ask me if I?m bluffing.?  The car drives off, and we see the tire drive right over the shard of headlight that Lincoln had put into place. 
------------------------------------------


Episode 205
Airdate: 09/18/2006

Lincoln drives, Michael?s shotgun again as they navigate Geary?s car down a well-paved, but empty highway.  The radio tells them that the Fox River Eight are now Seven; John Abruzzi was gunned down outside of Washington, D.C. motel last night after officers received a tip from an informant. ?I didn?t think Abruzzi would be the first to eat it,? says Linc. Michael says he has a feeling they?re in for a lot of surprises. ?Seven escapees,? says Lincoln, ?so much for faking our deaths.? Michael replies, ?I bought us some time, that?s what counts.? Lincoln?s look says he isn?t so sure. There?s definitely tension between the brothers. ?How much further?? asks Michael. Lincoln estimates another seventy, maybe eighty miles. Michael says that?s good, they should hit the Double K by the afternoon. Lincoln counters, ?Or we can pick up LJ, and hit Panama.? Michael?s losing it, ?We can?t hit Panama, we can?t hit anything, we can?t do anything without the money. We need to find Charles? stash.? Lincoln knows the score, ?I know some other guys who are thinking the same thing.? Michael knows it too, flashes back to Westmoreland?s dying breath, ?The money is buried under a silo, at the Double K Ranch, just outside of Tooele, Utah.? Michael?s memory includes Tweener, C-Note and T-Bag hearing Westmoreland as well. Back in the present, Michael looks even more worried.

C-Note?s on a train, chats with the woman next to him about her kids. She shows him pictures; he tells her he has a daughter too. 

Tweener?s just shared a very memorable tequila-fueled night in the sack with Debra Jean. She tells him she doesn?t want to go home, she wants to keep driving. Tweener?s more realistic, ?I don?t think your Pops would be down for that.? In the afterglow of sex, she?s dreaming of a future with Tweener, ?Wouldn?t it be fun? We could go to Hawaii.? Tweener laughs at the suggestion, ?You can?t drive to Hawaii.? Debra Jean laughs, she knows, she?s just saying?KNOCK, KNOCK. Tweener looks nervous, urges her not to get the door. Debra Jean says she just wants to know who it is, angles for the door, and looks out the window, ?It?s a cop.? Tweener?s thrown rudely back into reality; tries to stop her. She opens the door anyway. The cop at the door holds up a photo, ?Have you seen this person?? The guy in the photo has hair, but it?s definitely Tweener. Tweener, now in the bathroom, stares at Debra Jean ? what?s she gonna do? By the look on Debra Jean?s face, she doesn?t know either. She asks the cop why they?re looking for him; cop says a couple of people said they?ve seen him in the vicinity. ?He escaped from an Illinois prison a couple of days ago, have you seen him?? Debra Jean looks at the cop with post-sex eyes, ?No. He doesn?t look familiar.? The cop doesn?t seem convinced, ?Are you sure?? Yep, Debra Jean is sure. She closes the door, turns to Tweener, ?Whoa, whoa - all I did was steal a baseball card, I?m not like those other fools.? Debra Jean has her hand on the doorknob, ?I?m going to go for a walk, okay? I?m gonna leave my keys right here,? she indicates the table, ?and when I get back, my car will be gone. I?m sure in a few hours they?ll find it somewhere, abandoned.? Tweener wishes it could be different, Debra Jean does too, but it isn?t. Debra Jean gone, Tweener grabs the keys and goes.

Michael and Lincoln pull into Tooele, Utah. It?s a small town, but Michael notes, ?That?s good. All we need to do is get that money and we?ll be out of here by nightfall.? Eye on the prize, they drive past a man on foot with a bag and a bad arm. The man takes a local newspaper from a vending kiosk and walks away. Definitely T-Bag.
--------------------------------------


Episode 206
Airdate: 09/25/2006

A playing card slaps the spoke of a bicycle wheel as a pair of dirty sneakers pedal toward the drive-through window of a burger joint. Haywire ? looking wildly insane in that football helmet - steers the bicycle to the drive-through window, slides it open and dives head first inside. A soda pop dispenser catches his eye, but even more delectable ? the soft serve ice cream dispenser. Haywire pushes the lever, and a long stream of milky-white confection fills his mouth and his hands as The Tarantella slowly builds to a crescendo. His belly momentarily full, Haywire cools off by putting his head under the soda pop dispenser, washes away the miles he pedaled on that bike. Then it?s on to the toppings - chocolate syrup, strawberry topping ?Haywire?s in sugar heaven. The door to the burger joint opens, but Haywire doesn?t care ? he still lapping up all of that fatty goodness when the Day Clerk enters with his horny girlfriend. They make out, all hot and heavy, as Haywire looks on, slurping his giant soda like a guy at a steamy movie. The girlfriend nuzzles the clerks neck, catches a glimpse of Haywire and screams. Haywire?s crazy but he?s not stupid; he bolts.

Lincoln drives Geary?s cop-mobile to the housing development wherein somewhere resides their five-million-dollar prize. Linc parks the car, ?Ranch is gone, Michael.?  Michael doesn?t give up so easily, ?The five million might not be,? he says, strained. T-Bag?s still T-Bag, ?And you gonna find it, how?? he asks, ?What, you got a divining rod tattooed on your ass?? Michael?s world is falling apart, ?I don?t want to hear anything out of your mouth other than what your photographic memory spits out regarding that map.? T-Bag warns him to watch his tone. Michael gets up-close and personal, says what he?ll watch is T-Bag being tossed out of the car where he can fend for himself, because if T-Bag doesn?t remember where the silo was, he?s worthless to them. Tweener calls out from the trunk for them to let him out; Lincoln tells Tweener to shut up. Michael ignores Tweener?s pleas too, turns to T-Bag forcefully, ?The map.? T-Bag relents, ?Alright, alright ? the ranch was in the center of a box; Sheep Road on one side, Kokosing roach perpendicular. The driveway leading to the ranch went straight up the center of Kokosing Road. In the center of the property was the ranch house.? T-Bag digs into his memory, ?And the ranch house was surrounded by trees.? Michael and Lincoln get out of the car; no sign of older trees, but Michael?s got it covered,? Every tree here is a year old, at least,? he says. His eyes scan the terrain ? gets a bead on what he?s looking for, a patch of tall trees square ahead, ?Except these.? Lincoln surveys the area, ?Where was the silo?? he asks. T-Bag squints into his memory, drums his good hand into his head, coaxes it to remember, ?Inside the trees,? he says, ?I want to say on the left ? but that may have been a barn. I?m sorry gents, I remembered as best I could but I didn?t know this place would be smothered with tract homes. So you know, I ah ? ah?m sorry if I?m not Rainman over heyah.?

Mahone?s at the Federal Building in Salt Lake City where he?s greeted by a man named Lyle Sands who?s probably been living his whole life for this day. Lyle tells Mahone that they?ve been briefed on all the men at large and Mahone has all the Salt Lake City field officers at his disposal. Mahone wants to know if the files have been pulled on the D.B. Cooper case, and Lyle says they?re pulling them know, wants to clarify, ?And this is the D.B. Cooper case from thirty years ago?? Mahone confirms, wants the files right away. Lyle apologies for the question, asks anyway, ?Aren?t you here for the Fox River Eight?? Mahone confirms, but tells Lyle that the Fox River gang is there to get Cooper?s money, ?So how about those files, Lyle??
----------------------------------------


Episode 207
Airdate: 10/02/2006

T-Bag jams his forearm into Jeanette?s mouth to keep her quiet. Michael moves to the window at the female officer approaching the front door. ?Hey mom, you home?? Ann, Jeanette?s daughter, shouts out. She turns to see broken glass on the floor and she knows something is wrong. She rests her hand on her pistol and begins to move through the house. Sucre, C-Note and Lincoln press themselves against a wall as Ann moves upstairs.

Michael breathes heavily, trying to get a plan. Jeanette squirms loose from T-Bag?s grip and screams. Ann turns, draws her gun and enters the room. Her sights are set on Michael. T-Bag tells Ann to back down, as Sucre sneaks up behind her. She catches Sucre off guard with an elbow to the face, but Lincoln is able to wrap her up and knock the gun from her hand.

Mahone walks through the Tooele Police Department with Lyle Sands who gives him the run down on the hardware store. Lyle suggests that the men could be long gone, but Mahone knows as long as there?s five million dollars beneath Tooele, the cons are staying in town. Mahone looks inside an interrogation room to Tweener, sitting at a table. ?He?s gonna tell us exactly where to look.?

Sara moves nervously through the grocery store with Kellerman chatting along the way. She?s doing her best to stay cool, but she?s breaking. Kellerman asks if Sara would care to join him to make cookies tonight. Sara says she needs to go and Kellerman notices her basket is empty. Something is wrong.

Michael paces and whispers, ?This is going wrong in every possible way?? T-Bag tells everyone that they?ve already committed a crime by tying the women to the kitchen chairs, they need to finish the plan. Michael walks off, and is met by Lincoln. Michael tells him that he used to think they?d be able to start over, but he knows there?s no way to do that now. Michael returns to the dining room and apologizes to the women, then promises they will not be harmed. He asks Sucre to watch the women to ensure his promise.

Kellerman informs Agent Kim that Sara is suspicious of him. Kim tells Kellerman that both the governor and Sara are aware of whom he is and they?re back to square one. Kellerman suggests that they try going after L.J. now to get back to Lincoln.

Sara enters the governor?s office and finds Bruce Bennett. She asks to speak with her father. Bruce tells her that the White House withdrew his Vice Presidential nomination. Sara finds it strange that her father?s confirmation was a guarantee and suddenly, President Reynolds withdrew. 

C-Note jumps in the hole to help with the digging. T-Bag sits off to the side, strangely piling old ?National Anthropology? magazines. The men keep an eye on the television and listen to the latest news. Lincoln comments to the group that Tweener has been gone for a long time.
--------------------------------------


Episode 208
Airdate: 10/22/2006

Sucre keeps the gun trained on Michael, T-Bag and C-Note. Michael pleads with him but Sucre doesn?t care, ?This is about business. Five million dollars worth of business.? Michael hangs his head and tries to stall Sucre, but Sucre demands the bag. C-Note tells Sucre that he?s out numbered, Sucre tells them he?ll manage to kill two of them before they get near him. He fires a round into the hole and takes off running. Michael buries his head in his hands and C-Note begins freaking out. T-Bag screams furiously, it?s all over.

Michael and C-Note walk back into the kitchen where Jeanette and Ann still sit bound to the chairs. Michael places a butter knife in Jeanette?s hand, ?It should take you about an hour to cut through with this.? Michael tells C-Note he?s not going to let T-Bag loose on society again.

When they walk back into the garage, T-Bag is gone. C-Note knows it?s time to go and heads out the back of the garage.

Michael grabs Ann?s police radio from the counter and moves to leave. Ann tells him, ?They?re going to get you.?

Sara huddles over her coffee table, examining the half empty bottles of morphine and used syringes. A man in a suit sneaks up behind her and Sara jumps, ?Ms. Tancredi, I didn?t mean to startle you.? The man claims to have worked with her father and moves towards Sara. Sara puts the puzzle together, this man killed her father. She begins smashing items around the apartment to make it look like a struggle took place. Sara lures the agent into the kitchen, and she is able to spray him in the face with bug killer. The man stumbles backwards and Sara quickly exits down the apartment?s fire escape.

Michael sprints through the woods, following the sound of a humming engine. Sucre huddles over the motorcycle. He turns and pulls the gun on Michael. Michael growls, ?Adios amigos?? Sucre cracks a smile, ?Too much?? The two fooled C-Note and T-Bag in order to take the five million dollars from the garage. Michael tells Sucre that they?re going to split the money between himself, Sucre, Lincoln, Westmoreland?s daughter and maybe send some to C-Note?s family once they reach Panama. Sucre drops the pack and opens it up only to find it?s full of the magazines that T-Bag had been reading earlier.

T-Bag sits behind the wheel of a beat up pick-up truck with a giant grin on his face. Beside him, on the passenger seat, is a duffel bag containing five million dollars.

A detention center van pulls to the curb in Kingman, Arizona. The street is empty except for a few wandering locals. The van doors open and a detention center official helps LJ out. He hands LJ a list of possible places to stay and even job openings. In the distance, Lincoln peers out around the corner, keeping an eye on LJ and scanning the area trouble. A homeless man catches Linc?s eye. An unmarked squad car slowly rolls up, and Lincoln tucks back. The center official asks LJ if there is anywhere he?d like them to take him, but LJ declines. LJ walks off. Once out of earshot, the official dials his cell phone. On the other end is Kellerman. The official tells Kellerman the kid didn?t take the bait, but Kellerman isn?t concerned and tells him, ?Have your men shadow. Remember, it?s the father we want.?
-----------------------------------------------


Episode 209
Airdate: 10/30/2006

Michael stands in the parking lot of the Blanding Botanical Gardens with his hat pulled low. He rolls up his sleeve and checks the tattoo on the back of his right elbow. He taps his finger on the blue-black image of a flower.

Michael slides through the back of the gardens into a supply area. An employee leaves and the security gate slowly closes behind him. Before it shuts, Michael grabs the knob and moves into the building. He quickly checks a row of clipboards and grabs a hat and vest from a locker. A garden volunteer calls to Michael and wants to know what he?s doing there. Michael tells him that the night manager said he could change shifts. Michael smiles and heads into the gardens.

Once inside, Michael grabs a brochure from the wall and looks for the ?APACHE DESERT GHOST? on the map. Hat pulled low, he moves through the garden and finds a white flower within a cactus. He stops and reads the name place. Michael looks away to another volunteer nearby who?s hands are suspiciously clean after taking care of the plants. Across from him is another man holding a camera, near his feet are several smoked cigarettes.

Michael knows he has been set up and slowly backs away from the plant. The men see Michael slipping away and move in. One man alerts unseen agents through a microphone tucked in his sleeve. Michael slips by a chain of school children, slowing down the agents. Agents split up, weapons drawn. It?s a race now. All three men sprint through the gardens. When the agents close in on Michael, they only find his hat and vest hanging on a fence.

Lincoln and LJ tear down the highway, still inside Jeanette?s car. Lincoln gets serious with LJ. Lincoln says that LJ is a free man. He can leave his father and start over. But LJ chooses to stand by Lincoln?s side.

Michael sits in the back corner of a diner. A local man barks at the waitress to turn up the volume on the television. A reporter speaks out, ?Do you have any thoughts on the death of David Apolskis?? Hearing the name spins Michael around in the booth to face the television. Michael sits, mouth open, and watches Agent Mahone cover his tail. Mahone defends that Tweener was a fugitive and his case was handled appropriately. Mahone shows remorse for his actions and says, ?Sometimes things happen that are just out of your control.? Another reporter speaks up, ?Sources claim that you?ve recovered Scofield?s hard drive,? Michael slowly stands, but Mahone doesn?t answer the question. The reporter persists, claiming that the information from the hard drive led agents to the botanical gardens, but again Mahone declares, ?No comment.? Michael quickly puts everything together. With that hard drive, Mahone could know everything.

Back at the FBI field office, Agent Lang tells Wheeler the results are back from their lab. They found 3200 Nitroglycerine ampoules hidden under the flower Michael was looking for. The conditions of the garden kept the Nitroglycerine stable. Mahone walks in and points out that the ampoules have more than enough power to destroy a building. He continues on to demanding than no more leaks can come from his department. 
-----------------------------------------


Episode 210 "Rendezvous" 
Airdate: 11/06/2006

T-Bag sits bound to the chair, his head hanging and drool coming from his mouth. Geary blasts a stereo to cover up the sound of torture coming from the home. Geary tells Bellick they need to change plans because beating T-Bag isn?t working. As Bellick works T-Bag over, the bus locker key slowly slips from his sock.

At the FBI office, they get the word that Lincoln has been captured in Arizona. After a round of a applause, Agent Lang asks Wheeler is he has contact Mahone. Wheeler says he only gets voicemail when he calls.

Kellerman tries Mahone from the backseat of a car, his call also goes to voicemail. Agent Kim calls immediately after Kellerman hangs up. Kim orders Lincoln to be brought to them immediately and to send Mahone. Kellerman says he?s taking care of it himself.

A police car roars down an Arizona back road with Lincoln and LJ in the back seat. A black van moves in and rear ends the squad car until it is forced of the road. The car slams against a tree, and Lincoln kicks open the door. LJ and Lincoln take off running, followed by men from the black van. They tackle LJ and wrestle with Lincoln. Lincoln demands to know who they are, and a blonde woman named Jane Phillips tells him, ?We?re on your side. We?re with your father.?

Kellerman hustles through an airport on the phone with Mahone. He orders Mahone to get to Arizona immediately. Mahone tells Kellerman that he knows Scofield?s rendezvous with Sara is happening today, and he?s already looking over Gila, New Mexico.

At the Sundown Hotel, Sara gets ready to meet up with Michael. She goes through her purse and finds the key her father left behind. She attaches it to a key ring.

The black van approaches a large house in Colorado. A man opens the doors and Lincoln exits, followed by LJ. Leon, who works with Jane, stares at Lincoln as he walks by.

Inside the house, Lincoln wants answers. He won?t do anything Jane says until he sees his father. Jane tells him his father?s plane is landing in an hour and she needs Lincoln to cooperate with her.

Mahone shows Michael?s photo at a local hotel, but the man at the counter hasn?t seen him. He tells Mahone that there?s another hotel down the road.

There?s a knock at Sara?s door, the hotel manager tells Sara she has received a fax and she tells him to slide it under the door. She lifts it up, and all that it says is, ?ONE HOUR 16871 BUTTERFIELD ROAD.?

Sucre stands next to his car, the hood is open and he?s reaching around inside the engine. He?s clearly not having any luck getting the car started, and takes off jogging down the road.
---------------------------------------

Episode 211 "Bolshoi Booze" 
Airdate: 11/13/2006

T-Bag screams and frantically tries to break the zip-cuff holding him to the radiator. The police knock on the door and T-Bag freezes, looking down at his barely-live hand.

The police kick in the front door, guns drawn. But T-Bag is nowhere to be found. However, tucked behind the radiator, is T-Bag?s detached hand.

Michael stands at the counter of a small town sporting goods store. The store owner returns from a back room holding a box of fishing reel oil. Michael opens the box and examines a small vial from inside. It resembles the vials of Nitroglycerine the FBI confiscated from the botanical gardens. Michael also purchases a GPS device. When the store owner tells him the price, Michael counts his cash and he?s short. He offers to just take the reel oil. The owner gives him his change and heads off to help another customer. When the man?s back is turned, Michael grabs the GPS and tries to leave. The old man manages to get a hand on the GPS and they struggle over it. Michael shoves the old man into a display of coolers and the man begs Michael not to hurt him.

Michael hurries out of the store and turns down an alley. Michael spins and lingers on all the pain he?s caused since he entered Fox River.

Lincoln?s father, Aldo, walks with Lincoln and LJ through the Colorado safe house. Aldo explains to them that they?re a small group of people just trying to expose the President for what she really is, a shill working for major corporations. He tells Lincoln that an NSA Analyst working closely with Aldo?s group, was able to get clearance to the NSA?s secret Echelon program where all e-mails and phone calls are catalogued. The Analyst was able to get a copy of a conversation between the President and Terrence Steadman two weeks after Lincoln allegedly murdered him. But the Analyst was stopped before he could leave the building.

Leon, the man who spoke with Agent Kim, approaches a guard at the front door of the house. He fires a silenced handgun, killing the guard, and keeps moving.

Aldo explains that the recording of the conversation is still out there, even though Governor Tancredi is dead and the Analyst is missing. Aldo?s group believes that Sara is now in possession of the recording.

Leon slides through the halls and fires his gun again, killing another guard. The single shell casing bounces on the floor. Lincoln knows that sound. He tells Aldo and LJ to keep quiet and move. Leon enters the room, firing the weapon. But Lincoln charges and tackles him. Lincoln wrestles with the man and they knock a knife set to the floor. Leon is able to grab one of the knives and forces it towards Lincoln. Leon throws Lincoln to the floor and gets his footing. When he lunges for Lincoln, Lincoln stabs Leon with a smaller knife. Leon moves to make his second attack, when a gun fires from behind him. Jane stands, smoking gun in hand. LJ and Aldo behind her.

At a motel, Kellerman uses duct tape to bind Sara to a chair. When finished, he sits on the bed, ?As you can see, hi. My name is not Lance and I?m not an addict.? He tells Sara that if she cooperates, he will let her go. He removes the gag from her mouth. Kellerman tells her that he believes her father gave her something before she left. Sara denies knowing anything. Kellerman threatens, ?There?s a next step involved in this. You don?t want to experience it.? She defends that she doesn?t know what he?s talking about, but he doesn?t believe her. He takes off his jacket and heads to bathroom. Sara hears the sound of water filling the bathtub.
---------------------------------------------

Episode 212 "Disconnect" 
Airdate: 11/20/2006

?It was you!? Michael shouts at Aldo. Michael backs away from Aldo as he slowly walks towards him.

Memories crash into Michael?s head. An older man drags Michael as a boy into a small, dark closet and shuts the door.

Aldo keeps walking toward Michael, and Lincoln wants to know what?s going on. Michael says that after their mother died, Michael was living with a foster family who would force him into the closet with the water heater as punishment. Michael recalls using objects inside the closet to escape, but the older man catches him and beats him to the ground.

Sara fights for air inside the water filled tub as Kellerman unpacks a bag containing a tarp and a saw to cut bone. Suddenly, there?s a knock at the door. Kellerman opens the door slightly and the manager pokes his head in. Other guests have been complaining about the volume of the television. Kellerman quiets the TV, but Sara splashing in the tub draws attention from the manager. Kellerman tells the manager that his daughter thinks bath time is play time.

Sara manages to snag the drain plug with her teeth, and pulls it from the drain.

Lincoln pushes Aldo back trying to straighten out the details. Michael is starting to unravel. 

Michael remembers that Aldo was the one that saved him from the abusive foster father. A younger Aldo takes Michael?s hand from the closet. As they exit, young Michael looks back to see his foster father dead in a pool of blood.

Aldo tells Michael it?s going to be okay.

Kellerman hears the sound of water gurgling down the drain. He grabs his gun and quickly enters the bathroom. He sees the tub empty, and then Sara springs from behind a wall, forcing the scalding iron into Kellerman?s chest. Kellerman wails in pain, then collapses to the floor. Sara pushes the screen from the bathroom window on the second floor. She looks back and sees Kellerman grab his gun, then she leaps. She crashes down on the windshield of the car. Kellerman regains his footing and rushes to the window. When he looks out, Sara is gone.

Mahone makes his way to the shack where Michael met Coyote and his men. He looks around inside. He sees Coyote?s blood, and the vials of fishing reel oil. Mahone sees a trail of bloody foot prints, and follows them out of the shack.

Michael wants to know why it took Aldo so long to track Michael down as a child. Lincoln hangs back, letting the men work it out. Aldo tells Michael that he had to leave his children because The Company would have come for them first to get to Aldo when he turned on them. Aldo tells Michael about the tape recording of President Reynolds speaking with Steadman. Lincoln tells Michael they think Sara has it.

Kellerman holds a bag of ice to his chest and calls local hospitals looking for Sara. Agent Kim calls and asks for a status on Sara. Kellerman is forced to lie and tells Kim that she?s dead. Kim asks that Kellerman send him a photo of Sara?s body for confirmation. Kellerman tries to stall, but it won?t work.
------------------------------------------------



enjoy please seed :)