This is a radio show called Talkin's about Talk created by The Five Minute Linguist (http://www.cofc.edu/linguist/). 
It was created as a part of The Year of Languages in America
It's a series comprising 52 small radio segments, each adressing a common question about languages and linguistics.

NOTE: You may need to use a client that supports encryption for this to work

The Questions adressed are:

What's Special About Language?
How Many Languages are There?
What was the First Language?
Author: Barry Hilton
Do all Languages Come from the Same Source?
Why Should Americans Learn Languages?
Where did English Come From?
Whatever Happened to Esperanto?
Is British English Superior to Ours?
Do All Southerners Have the Same Dialect?
Is there a Language Crisis in America?
What Does it Take to Learn a Language Well?
What's the History of Language Study in the US?
Should We be Learning Arabic?
Is Sign Language a Universal Language?
Are Dialects Dying in the US?Why Do Languages Change?
Is Pidgin English just Bad English?
Was German Almost the Language of America?
How do Babies Learn to Talk?
Can Monolingualism be Cured?
Why is Chinese so hard to learn?
Should we teach languages in elementary schools?
Where did writing come from?
What causes foreign accents?
How do you keep languages in a museum?
How many native American languages are there?
Should we be studying Russian?
Why do Linguists love Icelandic?
How are language and thought related?
How are Dictionaries Made?
Where did Cajun come from?
Is there a right way to use language?
Is Spanish in the US to stay?
What's the difference between dialect and language?
Is Japanese related to Chinese?
Are Spanish and Portuguese really the same language?
What's the language of Africa?
Can you use language to solve a crime?
How good is machine translation?
What does it take to be an interpreter?
Who speaks what languages in the US?
Do you have to go abroad to learn a language?
What does language have to do with national security?
How many languages is it possible for a person to speak?
Is there such a thing as too much language learning?
What does it mean to be bilingual?
Why do languages die?
Can threatened or dying languages be revived?
Does anybody here speak Klingon?
Is language important enough to fight about?
Can you make a living loving languages?
What don't we know about language?
