DVD Werewolf (1987) (TV) (FOX) 1x01 - Pilot. Werewolf - A Time-Capsule Release


1x01 - "Pilot. Werewolf"   
First aired: 7/11/1987
Production Code: 6801

A Time-Capsule Mini-DVD Release
November 15, 2007

Previously, I had intended to make this series available as KVCD's,
however, not all DVD players can play VCD and not all that play VCD
can play KVCD, so, instead, the releases will now be DVD. Most of the
.ISO's are less than 1.46Gb, and can therefore be burned to those mini
dvd-r's such as Ritek Ridata 4X 8CM/1.46GB Mini DVD-R Media, or
Verbatim (95238) White Inkjet Hub Printable 4X 1.4GB/8cm Mini DVD-R
Media or similar (these are typically used in DVD CamCorders). They can
also be burned to any standard DVD recordable disc (4.7Gb), but it
seems a waste of the disc capacity (even so, that's what I used). Any
CD/DVD burning application should be able to burn these ISO images to
disc (Nero, Roxio, PlexTools, etc.). You could also just load the ISO
images into Nero Image Drive (comes with Nero and is awesome) and watch
them on your computer or copy the files off to reburn in an application
of your choice. The Free 7-Zip (7-zip.org) or WinImage can be used to
extract the files from the ISO images if you wish. The simplest way to
enjoy them is to just burn the .ISO files to a blank DVD and watch them
on your television set. They are NTSC, but these days, most DVD players
handle NTSC and PAL with ease, so it shouldn't be an issue.


ENJOY!


Eric Cord comes home to his apartment to find his roommate and best
friend, Ted, loading a gun with silver bullets. Ted confesses to Eric
that he is a werewolf, and that he is responsible for a series of
brutal killings in the area. Ted wants to end his own life, but he
doesn't believe that he is strong enough to do it, so he asks Eric to
help him. Eric doesn't believe until the pentagram appears on Ted's
palm and starts to bleed. Ted transforms into a huge werewolf and goes
after Eric. Despite his love for his friend, Eric has no choice but to
shoot him. Eric later discovers that he has been bitten and infected
with the curse. Using the information that Ted gave to him, he skips
bail to search for Janos Skorzeny, the progenitor of the werewolf
bloodline. If he can find and kill Skorzeny, then the curse will be
lifted. Meanwhile, the bail bondsman has hired a bounty hunter named
Rogan to find Eric, and he's closing in...

Writer:
Allan Cole, Frank Lupo
Director:
David Hemmings
Guest star:
Robert Sutton (Motel Guest),
Geraldine O'Brien (Mrs. Manickindam),
Harold Ayer (Mr. Manickindam),
Gail O'Grady (Victim 1 in VW),
John Quade (Storage Shed Owner),
Linden Ashby (Victim 2 in VW),
Michelle Johnson (Kelly Nichols),
Ethan Phillips (Eddie Armonni),
Robert Krantz (Rudy),
Raphael Sbarge (Ted Nichols)
