Jerry Springer - The Opera (LIVE)

Recorded at at the National Theater in London on July 25th and 26th 2003, JERRY SPRINGER - THE OPERA is a smash-hit multi-award winning musical, which opened to unprecedented rave reviews and standing ovations .  The show created British history by winning all four of their Best Musical awards (Oliver, Evening Standard, Critics' Circle and What's On Stage) and three further Oliver Awards.  Listen to America's favorite talk show host suffer the worst day of his career as high art (opera) meets low culture (daytime television) in the funniest, most groundbreaking and talked-about musical ever.

In turns hilarious and heartbreaking, JERRY SPRINGER - THE OPERA presents a series of unusual characters who each are desperate for "their Jerry Springer moment." With music by Richard Thomas, and book and lyrics by Stewart Lee and Richard Thomas, JERRY SPRINGER - THE OPERA begins in very familiar territory for those of us very aware of Jerry's presence on daytime television. In Act I, Jerry's guests include a man with a fiancée, a lover, and another lover with a secret. In Act II, we find Jerry hosting in a very different place as he is forced to experience the worst day of his life, and his guests take the level of debate to operatic heights.

The New York Times called JERRY SPRINGER - THE OPERA "brilliant, hilarious crowd-pleasing musical", enormously entertaining." The Sunday Times (UK) calls it "brilliantly scandalous and scandalously brilliant; a bruising, shocking, irresistibly funny masterpiece." Variety says "Where co-creators Thomas and Lee succeed is in dignifying the desires, however twisted, of that portion of society one would like to consign to the dustbin."

Chicago's Bailiwick Repertory will present the American premiere of JERRY SPRINGER - THE OPERA on Monday, May 14th, 2007.
 
http://www.amazon.co.uk/Jerry-Springer-Original-Cast-Recording/dp/B0000TSRII 
http://www.jerryspringertheopera.com/ 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jerry_Springer:_The_Opera

English language
MP3 audio (stereo, 44.1kHz@~190kbps VBR)
also directly works with Apple TV/iPod/iTunes