Star Trek Nemesis

[IMG]http://i41.photobucket.com/albums/e267/lurdo/showimage-1.jpg[/IMG]

Synopsis

On Romulus, the senate is locked in heated debate. Romulus and her sister world Remus are divided, but the Reman leader, Shinzon, has a plan to unite them. Shinzon's plan is rejected, and the senate moves on to other matters. A mysterious device sits on one desk ... and suddenly opens, filling the senate chamber with a strange, green energy. Suddenly, light begins to fill the room and everyone inside groans with pain as their flesh decays. Within seconds, the entire senate is dead.

Meanwhile, Captain Jean-Luc Picard is presiding over a particularly joyous event: a party celebrating the wedding of William Riker and Deanna Troi. As best man, Picard offers up a toast, and complains that everything around him is changing ? Riker is leaving for his own command, the Titan, and Troi is joining him. Data will be taking over as first officer of the Enterprise. As everyone wishes the happy couple well, Data serenades them with a rendition of "Blue Skies." Afterwards, the Enterprise heads to Betazed, where the crew will participate in a traditional Betazoid wedding (which makes Worf very nervous). En route, Worf notices a positronic signal emanating from the desert-like planet of Kolarus III. As only Dr. Soong-constructed androids like Data emit a positronic signal, Picard orders the ship to re-route for further investigation.

Data, Worf and Picard head down to the planet with the Argo, a shuttle with a special, dune buggy-like vehicle, in tow. They soon discover various android-like body parts, one of which is a head that looks remarkably like Data. Their mission is interrupted by the natives of Kolarus III, who chase the landing party back to the shuttle. Back on the ship, Geordi La Forge concludes that the android has similar internal mechanics as Data, but is not as developed. La Forge deduces that this one is a prototype. The head introduces himself as "B-4." Hoping to aid B-4's development, Data downloads his memory engrams into B-4's matrix. B-4 doesn't seem to be assimilating all of this new information, but La Forge suggests that Data merely give it some time.

Later on, Admiral Janeway orders Picard on a mission to Romulus. The new Praetor, a Reman named Shinzon, has requested a Federation envoy. On the way to Romulus, Data briefs the crew on the Remans, noting that due to high temperatures on one side of their home planet, they live on the dark side and avoid the sun. It is also noted that the Remans have a reputation as warriors ? during the Dominion war, some of their troops were used as cannon fodder.

Director Stuart Baird

Cast Patrick Stewart, Jonathan Frakes, Brent Spiner, LeVar Burton, Michael Dorn, Marina Sirtis, Gates McFadden, Tom Hardy

MUSIC BY
JERRY GOLDSMITH

Length 112 min

Distributor Paramount

Region 2

Video Pal
2.35:1 (Anamorphic)

Languages DTS, Dolby Digital 5.1: Spanish . Dolby Digital 5.1: English, Spanish . Dolby Digital Surround: English (Commentaries)

Subtitles English, Spanish

I hope you to like the cycle, of [star trek]. I want you

More info in