Release: Ashampoo Burning Studio v7.01 (c) 2007 Ashampoo 

    Date: 05/07/2007 

    Cracked By: Twisted EndZ 

    Release Type: 
      [X] Registration/Serial Crack 
      [ ] Activation Crack 
      [ ] Trial Crack 
      [ ] Server Check Crack 
      [ ] Serial 
      [ ] Hidden/Added Features Enabler 
      [ ] Other 

      [ ] Loader Patcher      [ ] Patch      [X] Precracked      [X] RegFile 
      [ ] GOLD 

      Choose Format. Select Files. Burn Disc. 


Since its initial release, Ashampoo Burning Studio has changed the way CD/DVD/Blu-ray burning software works. Instead of spending frustrating hours learning how to use hundreds of complicated functions you just select a task ? for example ?Burn Files?, ?Backup Files? or ?Burn Movies? ? and then the program guides you through all the necessary steps. 

You just choose your format, select your files and burn your disc. It really is that easy, but easy doesn?t mean you get less functionality: Advanced burning functions are also available for experienced users who want to choose specific file systems or use special boot images. 
New functions and improvements in version 7 

Ashampoo Burning Studio 7 keeps the power and simplicity that made version 6 such a runaway success and adds several major new functions, including DVD video burning, modified copies and bootable discs. These are all functions that users of previous versions have asked for and they make a great program even better. 
Video DVDs 

Turning your video files into DVDs that you can play on any DVD player has never been this easy. You just select the files you want to include on the disc, select your navigation menu format and burn. All common video formats are supported (WMV, AVI, MPEG, ASF etc.), the program converts them automatically. 


Building DVD menus is usually complicated and hard work. In Ashampoo Burning Studio 7 you just select your menu style and the program does all the work, generating the menus and navigation elements automatically. You can choose from several cool animated and static menu styles and preview everything before burning your disc. 

You can also burn standard DVD files (VIDEO_TS folders containing .VOB, .IFO and .BUP files) ? for example for making backups of existing DVDs or for burning DVD files generated with a different authoring program. 

Have you ever wished you could pack more video onto a single DVD? Ashampoo Burning Studio 7 allows you to create DVDs with much more than the standard 120 minutes of video ? just add all the files you need, the program automatically adjusts the compression and encoding quality to make it fit. 
Modified Copies and Bootable Discs 

Now you can include additional files in a copied disc without re-building the entire disc. The unique new Modified Copy function allows you to select additional files and folders that will be inserted into the copy on the fly when you burn the disc. 

You can also make modified copies of bootable discs. This makes it much easier to create updated versions of bootable installation discs because you don?t have to go through all the steps of building the disc ? everything you need, including the boot image, is already there. The Modified Copy function supports CDs, DVDs and Blu-ray discs. 
New Functions for Experienced Users 

Experienced users can now also build their own bootable discs by importing a boot image. In addition to this you can also choose the file system you want to use for data discs and generate it directly. Supported file system options include ISO 9660 levels 1 and 2, ISO 9660 Windows (Romeo), Joliet and UDF (1.02, 1.5, 2.50, 2.60). 
Backup and Restore 

Several key improvements have been added to the file backup and restore functions. You can now specify the exact size of the individual backup files for multi-file backups ? for example if you want to store the backup files on a hard disk instead of burning them directly. (When you burn to CD, DVD or Blu-ray you can still split files automatically to fit on each disc.) When you restore files from backups you can now choose the individual files and folders you want to restore instead of just restoring everything. 
Audio CD Ripping 

The audio ripping function now also includes an integrated, MP3 encoder so that you can rip directly to MP3 as well as to WMA or lossless WAV. Album and track names are automatically retrieved from the Internet database on the fly when you insert an audio CD. 

Features at a glance 
What?s new: 
Video: Burn Video DVDs directly from almost any video files 
Modified and Bootable Copies: Add additional files while copying discs, make modified copies of bootable discs 
MP3 Ripping: Rip audio CDs directly to MP3 as well as WMA or WAV 
Backup and Restore: Choose archive size, restore individual files 
Expert Functions: Create bootable discs from boot images, choose file system settings 
Other functions: 
Burn files and folders to CD/DVD/Blu-ray and add files and folders to existing discs 
Multi-disc file backup and restore on CD/DVD/Blu-ray with compression and password protection 
Create VideoCDs and Super VideoCDs 
Rip music from audio CDs to MP3, WMA and WAV files 
Create audio CDs from WAV, MP3, FLAC, WMA and Ogg Vorbis files 
Create MP3 or WMA CDs, DVDs and Blu-ray discs or just copy music to CD, DVD or Blu-ray 
Copy CDs, DVDs and Blu-ray discs 
Create and burn disc images for CD, DVD and Blu-ray 
Quickly erase any rewritable media 
Store disc images larger than 2GB on FAT32 file systems 
Interactive troubleshooting assistant for solving hardware and media problems 
Save project files so that you can burn the same discs again later 
Integrated support for over 1,700 CD, DVD and Blu-ray burners 
... and much more! 


        INSTALL NOTES 

        Install ashampoo_burningstudio701_sm.exe.  After installation 
        copy precracked exe from the Crack folder to the installed folder 
        of Ashampoo Burning Studio 7, making sure to overwrite existing 
        file.  Import Registration.reg into your registry by double 
        clicking the file.  You now have a fully registered version of 
        Ashampoo Burning Studio 7! 

        Thats it!  Enjoy.