Action / Adventure / Comedy


Tagline:G.I. Joke

Plot Outline:
Blue Collar Comedy Tour veterans Larry the Cable Guy and Bill Engvall team up in DELTA FARCE, a military-spoof comedy featuring their southern red-neck stand-up schtick. Bill and Larry, along with their scrawny friend Everett (played by DJ Qualls), are weekend warriors in the Army reserves. Not only have they not trained, but they see the weekend as a getaway from the pressures of their daily lives. But with the militaryâ??s forces depleted by the no-end-in-sight Iraq War, they turn to their reservists. Bill, Larry, and Everett are thrown into whirlwind boot-camp sessions, led by the commanding powerhouse Sgt. Kilgore (Keith David), to prepare for their upcoming deployment to Iraq. On their overnight flight to the Middle East, a thunderstorm threatens the cargo carrier, and equipment fitted with parachutes is dumped to lighten the load. Unfortunately, this includes the three bumbling friends, who sought refuge in an all-terrain vehicle to catch up on some sleep. They wake up in the desert, confused and disoriented, and assume theyâ??ve reached the mission destination. But it turns out they arenâ??t anywhere near Iraq--theyâ??ve landed in Mexico, where they stumble upon a small village that has been overrun and terrorized by gun-wielding gangsters. 

Credited cast:

Michael Edward Rose	 ... 	Sgt. Major

	Glenn Morshower	... 	General
	Larry The Cable Guy	... 	Larry

	Christina Moore	... 	Karen

	Lorna Scott	... 	Woman at Cowboy Frankâ??s
	Bill Engvall	... 	Bill

	Parker Goris	... 	Bill's Boy

	Michael Papajohn	... 	Billâ??s Neighbor

	Lisa Lampanelli	... 	Connie

	DJ Qualls	... 	Everett
	Ed O'Ross	... 	Victor

	Lance Smith	... 	Sgt. Adams

	Bill Doyle	... 	Colonel

	Keith David	... 	Sgt. Kilgore

	McKinley Freeman	... 	Airborne Soldier


Release Date:N/A
Language:English
Country:USA
Rated:Rated PG-13 for crude and sexual humor.
info:www.imdb.com/title/tt0800003
Format:Bin/Cue
Sample:MPEG1
Source:XViD-QuidaM
Chapters Every:10minutes
Runtime:01:29.29
Size:805MB(Bin Size 795mb)
Video:MPEG1/NTSC/352x240/30fps
Audio:2/44.1kHz/224kbps/Stereo
Tracked By:DEMONOID

666inc will Bring you uploads when ever we Can.....
PLEASE LEAVE COMMENTS ON HOW FAST YOU GOT THIS AND THE SPEEDS