Convert your CDs and unprotected DVDs into ?virtual CDs? ? disk images that run directly on your hard drive, replacing physical discs and saving wear and tear on your CD-ROM drive. Share virtual CDs over a network, and enjoy access rates up to 200 times faster than physical CDs, boosting the performance of PC games, photo CDs, and disc-based applications. 

VirtualDrive 11.5 is a major product update with many new features, including ISO support and custom VCD cabinets. 

VirtualDrive copies a CD or unprotected DVD as a compressed image which runs in place of the original disc in any one of up to 23 ?virtual drives.? 

NOTE: VirtualDrive 11 customers do NOT have to purchase a new license for the VirtualDrive 11.5 build. A VirtualDrive 11 serial number will unlock the software. 
Download VirtualDrive 11.5 
Archive your virtual CDs in a searchable library, transport them on a laptop computer, or share them over a network. Virtual CDs play directly on the hard drive, saving wear and tear on your CD-ROM drive and extending the battery life of laptop computers. They have access speeds nearly 200 times faster than CD-ROM counterparts, greatly improving the performance of PC games, photo CDs, and disc-based applications. 

View our purchase guarantee 
Run as many virtual CDs simultaneously as you have available virtual drive letters, moving from one PC game or application to another without having to swap out CDs or wait for discs to spin up. 

Want RAM disk software to go with your CD emulation? Try VirtualDrive Pro for just $10 more. Run games, files, and applications in a super fast RAM disk limited only by your system?s physical memory. 
Features & Benefits 
Disc Support 
VirtualDrive reads CD-ROMs, audio CDs, mixed-mode CDs, photo CDs, video CDs (DVD-ROMs data-mode), and unencrypted video DVDs, and offers the same PC game support as GameDrive 
Free Live Update Subscription 
Get the latest product features, patches, fixes, and game support. It?s free in all current versions of VirtualDrive! 
Optimal Performance 
Run files directly on the hard drive with read times up to 200 times faster. Plus, there?s no spin-up delay! 
CD/DVD Archiving 
Organize your virtual CDs in a searchable library with custom VCD cabinets 
Disc Backup 
Protect your CDs and DVDs from loss, theft, and damage by using high-quality disc images instead 
Multiple Disc Play 
Pre-load up to 23 virtual CDs and toggle back and forth between games or volumes without having to wait for physical discs to spin up 
Portability and Convenience 
Transport your virtual CDs on a laptop, an external hard drive, and other common digital storage media 
Custom VCD Creation 
Make a virtual CD file containing applications, documentation, expansion packs, etc. and share it over a network 
CD/DVD Burning 
Burn data, music, and game CDs and DVDs directly from VirtualDrive, and make backup copies of your favorite game discs 
Windows Vista Support 
VirtualDrive works on 64 and 32-bit Windows Vista, XP, 2000, and Server 2003 

System Requirements: 
CPU: Intel Pentium 233 or higher 
RAM: 256MB or more 
Hard Drive: 50MB free space 
Operating System: Windows 2000, XP, Server 2003, or Vista 64 and 32-bit systems 
