Recording of a talk done on a Olympus voice recorder

Juan E. Gilbert, TSYS Distinguished Associate Professor
Computer Science and Software Engineering Department
Auburn University

Joint Institute for Software Research/CyLab Seminar

Abstract:
Subsequent to the debacle of the 2000 U.S. Presidential election, it became abundantly clear that America's archaic voting system was in dire need of a major overhaul. Consequently, Direct Recording Electronic (DRE) voting machines were purchased by several states. The use of these machines has not been without controversy with respect to security, trust and ease of use. Professors and security research teams have found several vulnerabilities in current voting technologies. In 2002, the Help America Vote Act (HAVA) was created to provide all citizens equal access to participate in the electoral process, regardless of ability. It is common practice to sacrifice usability for security or vice versa to address issues in voting technologies; however, there is an alternative model, Prime III. The Prime III voting system, is a secure, multimodal electronic voting system that takes a usable security approach to address all of the aforementioned issues in one system for everyone.

Dr. Juan E. Gilbert is the TSYS Distinguished Associate Professor in the Computer Science and Software Engineering Department at Auburn University. He directs the Human-Centered Computing (HCC) Lab, http://www.HumanCenteredComputing.org/.

Dr. Gilbert has research projects in Spoken Language Systems, Advanced Learning Technologies, User Interfaces (Usability), Ethnocomputing (Culturally Relevant Computing) and Databases. He has published more than 50 articles, given more than 90 talks and obtained more than $4 million dollars in research funding in his seven years at Auburn University.

Dr. Gilbert is a Senior Member of the IEEE Computer Society, he serves on the IEEE Computer Society Board of Governors and he is the column Editor for the Broadening Participation in Computing Series in IEEE Computer. Dr. Gilbert has been a participant in the National Academies Frontiers of Science and Engineering symposium, which honors upcoming scholars. Dr. Gilbert was named one of the nation's top African-American Scholars by Diverse Issues in Higher Education and he was the recipient of the Black Engineer of the Year Special Recognition Award. In that same year, Dr. Gilbert received the American Society for Engineering Education Minorities in Engineering Award. Recently, Dr. Gilbert was named a national role model by Minority Access Inc. At Auburn University, Dr. Gilbert has been honored with the Auburn University Alumni Engineering Council Junior Faculty Research Award, the Auburn University ACM Outstanding Faculty Member, Auburn University Alumni Outstanding Minority Achievement Award and the Auburn University Outstanding Minority Service Award. In 2006, Dr. Gilbert was honored with a mural painting in New York City by City Year New York, a non-profit organization that unites a diverse group of 17 to 24 year-old young people for a year of full-time, rigorous community service, leadership development, and civic engagement.


------------
Content Type: [Talk]