Part 1:
Will boys always be boys, and will girls always be girls? Will we ever really
understand each other? You may be shocked by your conclusions. Prepare yourself for an intimate, erotic examination of physical differences between the sexes, from body fat to brain power. See Turkish men demonstrate their suitability as mates by wrestling in olive oil. Celebrate Mardis Gras in New Orleans, where women bare their breasts to entice men to reward them with strings of beads. Observe women who flaunt their femininity as exotic dancers, and female body builders who develop their muscles to the point of masculinity. Examine brain scans that show that men and women even think differently about the same problems. "Different But Equal" explores whether the amazing differences between men and women are based on biology or history.

Part 2:
How does boy meet girl? Is finding a mate ever easy? How do you send out a
signal that you're available? There are as many ways to speak the "Language Of The Sexes" as there are cultures. The Japanese build shrines to the male
phallus. Many Muslim women live behind veils. Ethiopian tribeswomen enlarge
their lips with ceramic plates, and some Chinese used to crush women's feet to keep them tiny and delicate. Compare all this to America, where women practice gender amplification with silicone breast implants, collagen lip injections and tight high heels. It's easy to see why the "Language Of The Sexes" is so hard to understand.

Part 3:
How far would you go for love? Get ready to be amazed as you see people go
further than you ever thought possible. "Patterns Of Love" will take you to a
brothel in Nevada, love hotels for married adults in Japan, and a bachelor
auction in Alaska. You'll meet pop star Mongo Faya of Cameroon…and his 58
wives. Visit Istanbul's Topkapi Palace, where the Sultans kept harems of
hundreds of wives. Fly to Moscow with a group of American men hoping to bring home just one wife. And check out technology's answer to a troubled marriage: an automatic divorce machine that accepts all major credit cards. "Patterns Of Love" may change your definition of love.

