Toronto singer Tommy Graham joined his first band in 1958 and managed to work his way through the Toronto club scene with Kay Taylor And The Regents at the legendary Club Bluenote. 

Following this, Graham sought out stardom in Los Angeles which proved to be futile and after three years returned to Canada to put the Big Town Boys together. The group gained prominence as backing musicians for vocalist Shirley Matthews on Tamarac Records with such songs as "Big Town Boy" (1963) and "Private Property" (1964). 

The band broke out on its own with an album and several singles as The Big Town Boys and then BTB4. They did TV appearances on Canadian television shows like 'After Four'. 

By 1968 The Big Town Boys (also known as BTB4) broke up and Graham began an odyssey of self-discovery by travelling around the world where it would take him to India to study sarode with Ravi Shankar Band member Ali Akbar Kahn. 

In 1970 Graham once more found his way back to Toronto where he began working for producer Brian Ahearn which led to backing vocal work on Anne Murray's hit record "Snowbird". 

Capitol A & R Director Paul White, who was responsible for discovering Murray and Edward Bear (among others) gave Graham the opportunity to record for the label. His debut, 'Planet Earth', was released later that year with a crack studio band - Buddy Cage (steel guitar), Bill Speer (piano), Skip Beckwith (bass), and Ron Rully (drums). 

His only charting single was a cover of Neil Young's "After The Goldrush" in 1972. 

Graham's interest leaned more toward production and he would go on to work with Bruce Cockburn and Brent Titcomb. He retired from music in 1980 and he and his wife started their own computer graphics company that revolutionized a new process of putting high resolution images on film. 

In 1993 Graham resumed his career in music. His first project was 'Sounds Of Tobago', featuring environmental sounds of the Trinidad and Tobago rainforest with original quasi new age west indian inspired interprative music. He also produced a CD by Brent Titcomb. Both projects were done out of his digital home studio.

(source:Canoe-Jam)