Adhesion - Delphi Arrival

Evil Residence Records ER-30
Created: 2006 May 29-31
Released: 2006 May 31
Run time: 20:38

1. Logos (3:58)
2. Isomorphism (4:21)
3. The Oracle (3:18)
4. Trivial Sun Surface (4:01)
5. Pale Blue Lights (5:01)

Delphi Arrival is the 12th release and ninth Album-A-Day from electronic musician and composer Adhesion. Made from May 29th-31st, 2006, this project is an experiment in combining multiple aspects of modern electronic music in an eclectic style. Ths first AAD by Adhesion since his first (It's Really Hot Outside!) to not have an overarching theme of some sort. Genres like pop, IDM, breakbeat and ambient are explored with the addition of complex harmonies like 7th & 9th chords. The instrumentation of this release is very electronic, with a focus on driving synths and complex percussion.

Logos - IDM-oriented piece that prominently features complex hi-hat work as well as other types of high-frequency glitch-style percussion. Melodic themes are introduced and developed on two interacting synth instruments, one of which is a chiptune-style square wave.

Isomorphism - Electro-vocoder-pop with emphasis on synthesized vocals. Features minor-key/pentatonic riffs, arpeggios and basslines backed by more traditional drum work. Lyrics describe a battle between different varieties of math.

The Oracle - An ambient piece, featuring ethereal pads underscored by simple yet effective sub-bass throughout and tempered glitch percussion in the middle section. The harmonies tend toward the complex, with heavy use of extended chords and the occasional chromatic progression.

Trivial Sun Surface - Exploration of rhythm and structure with a breakbeat/trance setting. Begins with a polyrhythmic (4 against 3) drum & synth section followed by a more traditional homophonic melody-oriented part in half tempo. Then it transforms into a monophonic rhythmic workout followed by repetition and variation of the first two sections.

Pale Blue Lights - Downtempo, with emphasis on the pad carrying the main chord progression, supported by low bass and relatively simple electronic drums. The middle development features complex chords in an experimental progression without a distinct tonal center. Then the piece returns to the original theme with an overlaid synth melody.
 
http://evilresidence.com/adhesion/delphiarrival.htm
