Flyff
Developer: Aeonsoft
Genre: Fantasy
Status: Final
Platforms: Windows
Type: RPG

Retail Price: Free
Monthly Fee: Free

Game Story: 
In ancient times, five Gods of Lais sought to create a new world with new inhabitants that could live harmoniously among them. They gathered and agreed to create Roika Mainland; their new world. They created water and the earth, animals and plants as well as humans. At this time, and at all times in Roika Mainland, it is a time of peace.

After years of peace, the God?s decided to leave Roika Mainland and create a new world. With this, they handed all of the secrets of the land over to the kind race of Dwarf. The God?s only wish was that the world would remain as beautiful and peaceful as it was in their rule......

Game Features: 
From the creation of your account Flyff features an assortment of characters. You create the look and feel of your character and send him/her off to battle in 5 different towns and 3 different islands. Flyff offers more than 80 quests and numerous different beasts to battle to keep you engaged for hours.

If that's not enough, hold on to your hat and imagine thousands of players filling the sky as you now enter the world of MMORPG FLIGHT! That?s right; Flyff is the first Flying MMORPG in the world.

Still craving more?.? You want to show everyone that you are the best of the best? Well, continue to level up through the 80 plus levels and earn enough Gpotato dollars to buy a board or a broom and fly to the PVP Island to battle thousands of other players.

Still want more?.? Use your Gpotato dollars that you have earned or added to your account to buy items and recharge your character to make him/her more powerful in battle. And we all know power is the most important thing in this game, especially since there will be extensive expansions for Flyff with even more great worlds to explore and beasts to conquer.

Are you interested yet? No? Try this great feature?All this fun is for FREE!!!!
 
http://mmorpg.com/gamelist.cfm/setView/overview/gameID/205
 
http://english.flyff.com