Swayzak - Smile And Receive 2007 [Tech House / Minimal Techno]


Newcomers to the distinct and tantalising art of Swayzak should start with the Original Mix contained here first.  Those already in the know will be extremely delighted with Apparat taking his skilled hand to this production. 

Released on the same label, Studio !K7, as my previous post of Booka Shade's Numbers EP...

 
http://www.discogs.com/release/1075263


Label:	Studio !K7
Catalog#:	!K7215EP
Format:	Vinyl, 12"
Country:	Germany
Released:	14 Sep 2007
Genre:	Electronic
Style:	House


Tracklisting:

01 - Swayzak - Smile And Receive (Apparat Remix) [7:18]
02 - Swayzak - Smile And Receive (Original Mix) [6:19]
03 - Swayzak - Smile And Receive (Richard Davis Rework) [5:54]
04 - Swayzak - Smile And Receive (Cassy Beatmix) [8:09]


63.3MB

320KBps Digital Release.

Re-post.


As always, I'm ever so pleased with an Original Swayzak production, and have been very much enjoying both the Apparat and Richard Davis remixes in equal measure.  I would imagine that the Cassy Beatmix is quite useful as a DJ tool for those of you who wish to employ their creativity.  You can read more about this release in the reviews below.


You can find out more information about Swayzak at the following locations:
 
http://www.swayzak.com/
 
http://www.myspace.com/swayzak


...and about Apparat, here:

 
http://www.apparat.net/v1.0/
 
http://www.myspace.com/apparat




Enjoy and please seed.


themagicke


 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/themagicke
                   
http://www.darksiderg.com/	
				




" This latest from Swayzak's James Taylor and David Brown has a bit of a Berlin theme running through it, not least because it features a Cassy vocal, but also because the remixers are all Berlin dwellers themselves. First up, Apparat gets to grips with the track, stripping away the vocal and replacing the core of the track with some of his pulsating, hyper glossy pad sounds and some thumping, nagging beats. Next up comes the original mix, Cassy vocal intact and loaded with booming Chain Reaction-influenced, muted stabs. The B-side finds Richard Davis offering up a highly melodic, '80s electropop re-reading of the track while Cassy's own 'Beatmix' is a real winner: a no nonsense assemblage of crisp beats and icy vocals. Ace. "


" Count on Swayzak to do it their own way. The duo of James Taylor and David Brown follow up their newest full-length, Some Other Country, by putting out a teaser single two weeks after its release. Label issues? Band strife? Remixers missing deadlines? Pressing plant issues? It hardly matters. 'Smile and Receive' is one of Some Other Country's finest moments and remixers are hot commodities, virtually guaranteeing that this thing will sell itself.

The 12" begins with Apparat mining well-worn, yet still fertile, territory. Those familiar with Orchestra of Bubbles or even his solo breakthrough, Walls, will know exactly what to expect: the vocals are gleefully chopped, matching the strobe stabs of melody, all undergirded by his patented breakbeat rhythms. It's followed by the moody original, which has enough space to allow Cassy (of Panorama Bar 01 fame) to relate her sad tale unfettered by much more than a chattering hi-hat and a propulsive bass line.

Frequent Swayzak collaborator Richard Davis steps up on the B-side for a "rework." He gives 'Smile and Receive' a bliss pop sheen, making the whole thing sound a bit like Ulrich Schnauss' lurid pop fantasies, while Cassy finishes the single off by isolating one line of her vocal ("I'm on my own"), thusly transforming it into the saddest minimal track you'll hear all year. "