The Grateful Dead summer tour of 1994 comes to life in this appealing documentary. Few rock and roll devotees have been more dedicated to their band of choice than have the "Deadheads" who follow this the group from city to city. Director Andrew Behar interviews a wide range of fans, from aging hippies to homeless teens, to find out what the Grateful Dead means to them.

Includes "A Conversation with Ken Kesey," a short film by Peter Shapiro.

The Grateful Dead itself is not seen performing in "Tie-Died." The film focuses exclusively on the band's fans.

Director:  Andrew Behar

Release Date:  22 September 1995 (USA) more

MPAA:  Rated R for drug content and language.

Genre:  Documentary / Music more

Tagline:  It's more than just the music--it's a way of life!

Plot Summary:  Filmed during the Grateful Dead's 1994 summer tour, this film chronicles the lives of the "Deadheads"--free-spirited fans who follow the band around the country.

Plot Keywords:  Groupie / LSD / Deadhead / Grateful Dead / Summer Of Love

Awards:  1 nomination - Grand Jury Prize 1995 

Runtime:  80 min

Country:  USA

Language:  English

Color/BW:  Color

Sound Mix:  Stereo

Certification:  USA:R 

Company:  Arrowhead Entertainment

Comment by LawnBoy-4 from Denver (1/6/1999):

A fine, if not terribly refined, documentary which follows the life and times of the Dead Heads. The beauty lies in the fact that it is such a raw film and not a commercialized hype-fest. To depict DeadHeads as anything other than real would be an injustice.

This is a film for anyone who has followed the Dead, who likes the Dead's music, or who just does not understand the whole phenomenon. It is quite informative to the uninitiated and should be viewed with an open mind.

Initially, this film was licensed by the Grateful Dead but, inexplicably, said licensing was denied at the last minute. As such, do not expect to see any members of the Dead, nor hear any of their music on the soundtrack. However, a fine soundtrack is provided by the more-than-capable Solar Circus.