This torrent packs all my favorite albums of 2006 for your pleasure!

Here´s the list:

1. Popface - Eleven Pieces of a Broken Heart
Hailing from Stavanger, Norway, this trio gone quartet, made (in my opinion) the best album of the year. Warm, soft and delicious indiepop melodies soar throughout this album. Beautiful and heart wrenching - pick this one up!
www.popface.no

2. Band of Horses - Everything All the Time
Somewhat a hype, but for once it´s deserved. Great!
www.bandofhorses.com

3. Drive-By Truckers - A Blessing and a Curse
What a gem this band is. Roots and southern rock all mixed together into a terrific album. "Easy On Yourself" is already one of my favorite songs of all time.
www.drivebytruckers.com

4. Mastodon - Blood Mountain
Just when I thought metal couldn´t get any further, Mastodon showed up. And this years album is almost as good as "Leviathan".
www.mastodonrocks.com/

5. The First Cut - Silence Afterwards
From many years as "Crash", The First Cut finally released their debut album in 2006. Then they split. The world is unfair. Someone destroyed the concept of "emo" and made it whiney and then it became some kind of fashion, but this is what emo was all about: The beautiful songs and pure emotion.
www.thefirstcut.no

6. 120 Days - 120 Days
I hated this band when they were called The Beautiful People. I loathed them and laughed at them when they briefly were called Sex Beat. But this record....goddamn it. It´s fantastic.
www.120days.no

7. Iron Maiden - A Matter of Life and Death
They´re like wine and it´s almost terrifying. But when you think about it, that´s great! Think about it for a second: You can actually be old, uglier than ever and still reach the highest levels of perfection. One of their best.
www.ironmaiden.com

8. Danko Jones - Sleep Is The Enemy
He is my personal rock god, and this record shows Danko with friends finally reaching almost perfection. Maybe a little more listener friendly, but at the same time more focused and better hooks.
www.dankojones.com

9. Sahg ? I
Many have tried to copy the sound of Black Sabbath, but Sahg hits the spot. And then some.
www.sahgweb.com

10. Furia - Piece of Paradise
Finally my girls get back to their roots and releases an album that shows their great abilities to rock and be melancholic at the same time. The dynamics, the emotions, the playing - it´s all here.
www.furia.no

