Kong Lavring ? Kong Lavring (1977 No. Folk-Rock ? 320 kbps)


After marvelling (if you're at all of our mindset) at the cover painting, which features some sort of dulcimer, an electric guitar, and an amplifier itself decorated with a painting of a dead tree and a sunset, the first thing that'll grab you about this 1977 norwegian folk-rock reissue is that it's so superbly recorded -- crystal clear, not too slick or over produced, just simply sterling, live-in-your-room sound that belies this album's misty '70s origin. 


Though ordinarily we find dusty, crackly, low-fi recordings of long-lost folkesque psychedelia to be preferably evocative and mysterious, this just sounds *amazing*. So, your ears will rejoice at how great Kong Lavring sounds...and then, the songs. So good. Kong Lavring made a terrific mix of traditional Norwegian folk music and electric rock instrumentation, with the choppy bite of "Liti Kjersti" being a particularily stellar example of such. With both male and female vocals -- Viking style male choirs chanting it up, and lovely sweet female vocals, capable of exquisite unaccompanied beauty. Though never particularily popular (they made only two albums, of which this is the first), Kong Lavring could be considered a Norwegian version of Fairport Convention, to make a loose comparison. Also recommended for fans of Turid, Kebnekajse, Arbete Och Fritid, and other Scandinavian folk/rock outfits -- perhaps even those of the black metal variety like Storm. The aforementioned cover art suggests a lot to those of us enamoured of the '70s hippy folk vibe, and this disc is indeed as good as the cover portends. -aquariusrecords.org/


Size: 98 MB
Bitrate: 320 kbps
Tracklist:

01 - Tjovane 
02 - Falkvord Lommanson 
03 - Valdrestrall 
04 - Fagre Piker 
05 - Aksel Tårn-Vise 
06 - Springpols 
07 - Liti 
08 - Villfar & Sylvklår 
09 - Storhalling 
10 - Dei Tvo Systrar 
11 - Liv & Katinka 
12 - Nordmørsreinlender 
13 - Trolldans 
14 - Liti Kjersti (Reprise) 





Visit my blog http://knuthulu.blogspot.com/ and download more music like this directly


