James Dean ..........  Jim Stark 

 Natalie Wood ........  Judy 

 Sal Mineo ...........  John 'Plato' Crawford 
 Jim Backus ..........  Frank Stark 
 Ann Doran ...........  Mrs. Carol Stark 

 Corey Allen .........  Buzz Gunderson 
 William Hopper ......  Judy's Father 
 Rochelle Hudson .....  Judy's Mother 

 Dennis Hopper .......  Goon 

 Edward Platt ........  Ray Fremick 
 Steffi Sidney .......  Mil 
 Marietta Canty ......  Crawford family maid 
 Virginia Brissac ....  Mrs. Stark, Jim's grandmother 
 Beverly Long ........  Helen 
 Ian Wolfe ...........  Dr. Minton (lecturer at planetarium 


Rated PG-13 for some violence and thematic elements. (2005 re-issue)
 
Runtime:111 min 

Country:USA

Language:English
 
Color:Color (Warnercolor)
 
Certification:Australia:PG (TV rating) / Finland:K-16 (uncut) (1981) / Finland:K-16 (cut) (1956) / Canada:A (Nova Scotia) / USA:Not Rated (video rating) / USA:Approved (original rating) / Spain:T / Iceland:12 / Argentina:16 / Australia:M / Canada:PG (Manitoba/Ontario) / Chile:18 / Norway:16 / Portugal:M/12 / Sweden:15 / UK:AA (re-rating) (1976) / UK:PG (video rating) / UK:X (original rating) (cut) / USA:PG-13 (re-release) (2005) / West Germany:16
 
Filming Locations:641 N. Irving Blvd., Midtown, Los Angeles, California, USA

Company:Warner Bros. Pictures

Brilliant cast of well-known Hollywood icons in hard-hitting treatment of story that focuses on the hopelessness exhibited by many middle-class teenagers who were too young to recall the pains of WWII, but saw daily reminders of the threat of "the bomb", as well as inequities around them.

James Dean stands out as the troubled kid whose parents keep "moving" to escape their community's effects of their son's strange behavior. Equally great are the performances of Natalie Wood as a "wanna-be-bad-girl" who is hurt by her parents' implications that she is a "tramp"; and the child-like Sal Mineo, who lives in a mansion with a maid, but feels the pains of neglect from never-present parents.

The trio first meet at a police station, where they all see a well-meaning officer who is genuinely interested in getting these troubled kids back on the right track rather than throwing the book at them. He does seem to reach James Dean, who seeks help after getting into more trouble.

The relationship between the James Dean character and that of Sal Mineo is somewhat elusive. At times a more than friendly association is suggested, then the appearance of Natalie Wood makes it look like an odd threesome. 1950s America was definitely unprepared for any "spelling out" of suggested terms, so for nearly 50 years now anyone's guess as to what was going on here is as good as the next.

The supporting cast include Jim Backus as James Dean's well-to-do yet wimpish and henpecked father as well as a young Dennis Hopper as a member of a greaser gang. The parade of big name stars in itself is eye-candy of the highest caliber! References to scientific findings are still awe-inspiring today. Showing young college students' reactions to film footage during a lecture shows that humans can't fully grasp the insignificance of earthly life compared to the vastness of the universe. Carefully watch the final scene as the end credits are shown, when this "point" is driven home.

Rebel Without A Cause is one of the great classics with a sociological impact that has seldom been reached by any film, and likely never surpassed. This film is a ceaseless source of discussions. I recommend this film also for high school History, Sociology or Language Arts classes. 




