UleadÂ® VideoStudioÂ® 11 is video editing and DVD authoring software for anyone who wants to easily produce professional-looking videos, slideshows and DVDs. UleadÂ® VideoStudioâ?¢ lets users quickly and easily produce their own home videos complete with attractive titles, video filters, transitions, and sound. Preserve your precious movies on DVD, CD, tape, the Web or mobile devices to share with family and friends. Unlike other software, Ulead VideoStudio features an intuitive step-based interface that helps users get started right away. And, if you've never edited a movie before, make one in three easy steps using the new Movie Wizard mode. By following the steps, you will be creating video masterpieces before you know it. Once you have completed your video projects, you can share them on tape, e-mail, the Web or burn your own high-quality VCDs, SVCDs and DVDs. Unmatched stability, high-speed rendering and real-time performance mean less waiting and more time for creating. Make editing your movies as fun as shooting them.

Main Features:
â?¢ Unmatched Ease of use 
â?¢ Capture video from anywhere 
â?¢ Fix common video problems easily 
â?¢ Tools for Creative Power 
â?¢ New Encoding Options 
â?¢ Enhanced Movie Wizards 
â?¢ DV-to-DVD Wizard 
â?¢ Pro-quality titles and subtitles 
â?¢ More Brilliant Filters and Effects 
â?¢ Great Sound for Great Videos 
â?¢ Enhanced Menus and Authoring 
â?¢ The Most Complete Solution 

End-to-end HD DVD 
â?¢ Burn HD DVD authored projects or folders to HD DVD-R or DVD discs. 
â?¢ AVCHD Camcorder Support - Import high definition video from hard drive and disc-based AVCHD camcorders. 
â?¢ Real-time HD Editing without proxies on high-spec systems. 

Enhanced Movie Wizard Templates 
â?¢ Automatically create exciting movie-style openings using your video clips in multiple animated frames, which you can personalize later. 
â?¢ Capture, edit and output full-resolution HD movies and discs. 

New Auto Features
â?¢ Auto Subtitles in DV-to-DVD Wizard. Automatically add DV date and timestamp as you capture your videos, to instantly identify when it was shot. 
â?¢ Smart Project Package. Free up disc space by exporting your trimmed and edited project to a new folder, for efficient archiving of only the clips that you have used in your final movie. 

More Flexible User Interface
â?¢ Preview Window for overlays shows original overlay image, making it easier to adjust chroma key settings. 
â?¢ Expandable Timeline. Expand the timeline at a click of a button, so that you can conveniently see all your overlay tracks. 
â?¢ Place cue marks on the timeline to easily mark where you want a title to start, or perhaps some music to come in. 
â?¢ "My Favorites" folder in Transitions Folder makes it easier to find the most-used transitions quickly. 

New Encoding Options
â?¢ MPEG Optimizer analyzes the bitrates of all clips on the timeline, and suggests encoding settings to ensure the least re-rendering for the best quality and speed. 
â?¢ Safely Pause rendering at any time when you need to do something that requires more PC resources. 

Expanded Title and Subtitle Support
â?¢ Multi-language titles such as double-byte Chinese, Japanese and Korean characters supported. 
â?¢ Unicode character set supported to simplify multi-language titles. 
â?¢ Rotate titles directly in the preview window to any angle you like. 
â?¢ DVD Sub-Title Import lets you Import a subtitle set in the language of your choice together with the video from a DVD. 
â?¢ Sync subtitles to downloaded movies, which often have subtitle files available in .srt format that will automatically synch to the video when burning a DVD. 

More Filters and Effects
â?¢ Corrective Video Filters
- Auto Color & Tone will auto-correct the color and tone of videos that were recorded in low light or less than perfect white balance conditions. 
- DeBlock Filter cleans up video with blocky compression artifacts, such as movies copied from VCD. 
- DeSnow Filter removes digital noise from your videos shot in low light. 
â?¢ Combine transparency and mask or chroma key effects for more striking overlays. 

Enhanced DVD Menus and Authoring
â?¢ Lots More Content. Flash Animations, Movie Wizard Video & Slideshow Style Templates, and HD DVD* menus. 
â?¢ Distort menu objects like buttons and overlays for creative effects. 

The Most Complete Solution
â?¢ Create Quality Movies for Mobile Devices and show them on the go. Works with virtually any handheld device with MPEG-4*, H.264* and WMV templates for: 
- Apple iPod* 
- Sony PSPâ?¢* 
- Zuneâ?¢ 
- NokiaÂ® mobile phones* â?? including import from videophones 
- Smartphones (Windows Mobile 5.0), PDAs and other portable devices. 
â?¢ Windows Vistaâ?¢ Support for the latest-generation systems. 
â?¢ IntelÂ® Core 2 Duoâ?¢ support â?? enjoy improved performance from dual-core CPUs.


have fun and enjoy The Joker