ntsc
english


link:
http://www.xbox.com/en-us/phantomdust/default.htm?level1=enusgames&level2=catalog&level3=phantomdust

In this strategic action game, players fight supernatural battles in a post-apocalyptic era. Phantom Dust? takes you from the safety of the underground to explore the surface with your unique abilities.
 

Play online or offline as one of the "gifted ones." Use your psychic skills to defeat opponents as you search for your lost memories. Then, take the secrets you?ve learned and crush your competition on Xbox Live?.


Features  
 
 

Get ready for fast-paced action: Use more than 300 skills to damage opponents, steal their skills, and neutralize their psychic abilities. Special multiplayer game modes throw you straight into the action with prebuilt arsenals. 
Battle online with Xbox Live: Enjoy one-versus-three, two-versus-two co-op, and free-for-all multiplayer modes. Earn points in Xbox Live battles and use them to buy new skills only available online. Play in tournaments, ban together to create clans, track your progress on the online score boards, swap skills, and download new abilities and maps. 
Play through more than 200 single-player missions: Build your skill inventory as you work your way through the game. Interact with nonplayable characters to learn more about your world, your skills, and yourself. 
Instantly change the world with destructible environments: Use the environment to your advantage. Cast a psychic skill against a wall to have it smash onto your opponent. Blast the floor under enemies to send them falling to their doom.  
Try your hand at hundreds of skills: Win more than 300 skills by playing through the single-player missions and winning battles on Xbox Live. 
Use countless strategies: Choose your strategy based on the environment, the battle mode, your opponents? and allies? abilities, and your personal style. 
 
 
Game Information  
 
 
Publisher
Majesco 

Developer
Microsoft Game Studios 

Street Date
March 2005 

Price
$39.99 

 
Rating
Teen

  Players 1-2 
  Memory Unit 10 Blocks 
  Custom Soundtracks 
  In-game Dolby® Digital 
  System Link 2-4 
  HDTV 480p 
  Communicator Headset