From http://www.rhino.com/store/ProductDetail.lasso?Number=7908 :

In July 1969 The Doors played two concerts to packed audiences at the Aquarius Theatre on Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood, California. In addition, the day after the two concerts, The Doors used the Aquarius Theatre stage, still loaded with their equipment from the night before, to conduct a private rehearsal. Both of these concerts, as well as the private rehearsal, were recorded. Bright Midnight Records will release four titles made from these Aquarius Theatre recordings. This is the fourth of these titles. 

A 24-track, 2-CD, almost one-and-a-half-hour-long collection of recordings made by The Doors during a closed rehearsal session held on the Aquarius Theatre stage on the day following the Aquarius Theatre performances with, of course, no audience present. Imagine being invited to one of The Doors’ studio recording sessions to witness their unique creative process and you will have the best idea of what you will hear. Uncensored, unedited, and unreleased. 

Please note that both of the Aquarius Theatre concerts, in their entirety, will separately be released as the 2-CD Live At The Aquarius Theatre: The First Performance and the 2-CD Live At The Aquarius Theatre: The Second Performance and that the private rehearsal will be separately released as Backstage And Dangerous: The Private Rehearsal. 

Please also note that a separate single-CD compilation of these Aquarius Theatre concerts is available as Live In Hollywood: Highlights From The Aquarius Theatre Performances, and that it contains recordings that have been taken from both Live At The Aquarius Theatre: The First Performance and Live At The Aquarius Theatre: The Second Performance. And finally, also please note that none of the recordings on Backstage And Dangerous: The Private Rehearsal appear on any of the other three.




Bright Midnight Archives
This is the real thing, as The Doors played it, without intrusive overdubs or fixes. While technical glitches remain, and the tape sound is sometimes primitive, the performance quality and historical significance make Bright Midnight Archives releases essential in any Doors collection. Most Bright Midnight Archives releases are neither individually numbered nor limited editions.

-----------

MP3 VBR
Audiograbber 1.82
LAME 3.93

And still coming a few more...
