This is the unsubbed version, same one as on the Star Wreck home page: http://www-fi2.starwreck.com/ . If you need subs, you'll find them in the download section: http://www-fi2.starwreck.com/download.php.

If you like the movie, buy the DVD! Perkele!

Enjoy!

<quote>
Star Wreck: In the Pirkinning released online!
Sci-Fi
ultramarweeni writes "The long-awaited Finnish amateur sci-fi spoof Star Wreck: In the Pirkinning is here at last, and is published online - for free. It was in production for seven years, but now the production team has released the movie for the masses, after selling it on DVD for a while. The special thing about this film, apart for being legally free for downloading and sharing, is that it was mostly shot in the producer's sleeping room against a blue screen, and the special effects rival ILM quality, even if they are made by one young Finnish man in his condo! For these reasons alone it would be a must-see for every geek, but it also features the hottest woman on a starship bridge ever! (sorry, the website gallery is offline at the moment of writing, but watch the trailer for proof.)

SW:ItP is a parody of Star Trek and Babylon 5 with all kinds of jokes, for example the whole setting is jocular: the crew of the starship CPP Potkustart, born in the distant future, is stranded on the present-day Earth after having their starship destroyed in a ST:First Contact-esque combat against the Korg. They are trying to adapt, but they are getting bored to the early 21th century lifestyle and want back to the bridge. As the time continuum is wrecked, it's no use to care about it any longer. So, Captain Pirk and his crew make their plans to restore the might of the P-Fleet through any measures necessary...

Apart from giving the best laughters of the year, SW:ItP is a fantastic action movie, featuring arguably the greatest space battle ever, between ships that look quite much like Federation and Earth Alliance starships. Also, the entire movie is spoken in Finnish, which adds to the humour - a 'moon language' no one could have imagined to hear from the mouths of human starship crewmembers.

If the site goes down due to heavy /.ing, the BitTorrent file to the English-subtitled version is to be found here. The torrent has quite a few seeds so it should be a rather quick download.
The XviD file is 554 megabytes large, and the movie runs about 100 minutes.
There's also an IMDB Entry."
</quote>