Release.Name...: WWE.Smackdown.11.03.05-W4F
Release.Date...: 11.04.05
Air.Date.......: 11.03.05
Genre..........: Wrestling
Source.........: Digicable
Type...........: VCD
Size...........: CD1 46 x 15mb | CD2 16 x 15mb


Cowboyö Bob Orton was a longtime ally of Rowdy Roddy Piper. Orton even
accompanied Piper for his matches at the first two WrestleManias. But 
Orton has other priorities now. Cowboy Bob is back in WWE to aid his son
Randy in any and every way possible. And if that means helping Randy ôkillö
the legend of Piper, then so be it.

Last week in SmackDownÆs main event, Cowboy Bob accidentally backed into a 
signature Piper sleeper hold. It was lights out for Bob, and the submission
soon followed. Enraged by that result, the elder Orton will get Piper in the
ring one-on-one with a chance to prove that he has fully emerged from the 
shadow of ôThe Rowdy One.ö Piper will look to rile Orton up and make it two
big wins in a row. Which WWE Hall of Famer will come out on top? Tune in to
SmackDown to find out.

Also, don't miss Christian's final match this week on SmackDown. As reported
earlier on WWE.com, the former Intercontinental Champion is leaving WWE. But
first he'll team up with JBL to take Matt Hardy and Rey Mysterio Friday night
on SmackDown.

Powerhouse newcomer Lashley has plowed through the competition so far, but 
this week on SmackDown, heÆll have to take on two dangerous Superstars at once.

Nunzio and his enforcer Vito took issue with being left out of last weekÆs
Fatal Fourway for the WWE Tag Team Championship. They contend that had they
been involved, theyÆd be sporting the gold now rather than MNM ù and they let
SmackDown General Manager Theodore Long know it.

In response, Mr. Long will give Nunzio and Vito a chance to prove that they 
belong in the kind of championship matches that are changing Friday Nights. 
But theyÆll have to go through the buzzsaw that is Lashley to do it. Will it
be another dominating performance by the three-time national wrestling champion,
or will he be silenced by ôThe Skullö and Nunzio?

Also, after a blind tag and a Snapshot last week, MNM became two-time WWE Tag
Team Champions. Mercury, Nitro and Melina are sure to grab some face time before
their paparazzi following on Friday, but will they be forced to defend the gold?

All this and much more on Friday Night SmackDown!

Cappers Notes:
--------------
This early release is from the Score sports channel (Canada) which means there 
are scoreboards which appear from time to time.  However, considering this is
the same feed that another group uses for RAW weekly, we felt it was worth 
releasing (and there are no AR problems for those wizardly nukers out there).  
Enjoy!

