Hi there..

Quoting John Todd, former high-ranking Illuminati-occultist and now reportedly killed by the people he exposed through his short, stormy and intense ministry:

"Phillip Rothschild (Big-time banker and Illuminati-overlord) ordered one of his mistresses to write an 1100-page book that would describe to all witches how they would take control of the World through the Illuminati: It's called "Atlas Shrugged." I have included John Todd's introduction to the book in this upload.

Anyone with just a little knowledge of the occult and who they are and what their goals are, and also their symbolism, just look at the US stamp on top of this page. See something you recognize? What's missing on this stamp? What is the highest degree in the Scottish rites? The secret, highest degree of Masons above the ones described in A. Pike's book "Morals and Dogma"? Do you think Mr Rothschild is among those? If not, please read John Todd's introduction to the book.. Of course, like I say, you need to see the big picture, then you're not so easily dazzled by how for instance; she "predicts" the economic decline..
..And things yet to come..

President Franklin D. Roosevelt (Not "Teddy", as I say in one of the comments down the page) said: "There are no coincidences in politics. If something happens, you can be sure it was planned that way."

I've converted Ayn Rand's book into several formats, including Adobe Acrobat Reader, and then some..

John Todd's introduction to the book, is well worth reading, if you want to know the truth behind the "novel"..

Further detail on John Todd and who he was, can be found at
 
http://www.kt70.com/~jamesjpn/articles/john_todd_and_the_illuminati.htm


Update:

Some people have called this introduction of mine "creepy". Either they don't like anything that's not nice and sunny and in line with: "there's nothing going on here, people, just move along..", or they feel personally threatened by it..
I don't know. But the truth about the people behind what's happening NOW - RIGHT BEFORE YOUR EYES, may sometimes really hit you as being "creepy". It really is. It's not my fault. I just tell the truth as far as I know it, and I've been studying these satanic and evil people and their schemes for many years.. I'm starting to feel very old..

R.I.P., John..

verifiremail@gmail.com