Gameplay

A Shemp-fight fan boy effort by Iron Head Studios to hit every convention and catch-phrase of Evil Dead on the way down the road to Resident Evilsville, Evil Dead: Hail to the King carries on the legacy of putting Ash through incredible pain and ridicule as Deadites gnaw at his bones and rattle his noggin to conquer his soul and repossess the Necronomicon (the Book of the Dead). Picking up the pieces of the split endings of Army Of Darkness (effectively ending the debate over which of Raimi's finales is the real director's cut), it's off and running back to the cabin where it all started, then through a pan-dimensional wormhole back in time to the era when it really all started. 

Graphics

You can trust the Resident Evil structure to ruin just about everything it touches except Resident Evil. Here in Hail to the King, the pre-rendered backgrounds and camera angles are no fun at all to fight in, and they sure aren't pretty while in it either. Evil Dead shouldn't be pretty -- it should be gross and putrid and dripping puss and blood splatters and carnality. It should be good. But it's also got to move, and that's not happening here. Trusting the backgrounds alone to convey horror when what we really need is Zombie-Cam or Demon-Cam or Severed-Hand-Cam, the game flatlines when it's supposed to be scary and funny. So in scenes where horribly decrepit Oakie redneck corpses leap out of the ground, the camera can't draw you in by zooming up to their mangled face or spinning around to catch Ash's pop-eyed expression. Instead, we get a distant far shot run off the game engine, then back to Ash's screen and into battle. No big thrill, no cold chill. 

Sound

At least there's one bright, shining spot in this bloated project -- whatever dime THQ spent on music went to a good cause. Tommy Tallarico Studios put together a 42-piece orchestra and a 40-person choir for some of the gothic tones and tunes of this game, and from the opening operatic number on, the quality is high. What's better is that the big musical numbers are spread out sparingly, and in the place of generic mood music is an ambient boom and monstrous growling soundtrack. Treading around in the woods, Ash hears voices constantly ringing in his head... "Join us." 

Closing Comments

You wanted this one to be good. I know, buddy, I was there too. But as much as I give respect to Bruce Cambell, it's tough to follow his every move when so often he steps in crap. He can't save every flaming shipwreck -- I know, I saw the Twister rip-off Tornado. And as far as I wanted to believe that Evil Dead had the fandom to support a big game production like this -- a game that was supposedly made by die-hard fans of the series -- that ringing alarm in my head kept banging away every time I approached this game to play it... "Don't trust a Resident Evil clone. Never, never, never..." 

Sure enough, she's an nasty one. Raimi may have wanted to add to the legacy of the Evil Dead series with a new chapter of Evil Dead, but he may as well have done a videogame version of "For Love Of The Game" -- at least baseball games have enough sense to swing only one bat. Instead, all we've learned from this new Evil Dead is that, eight years after our last meeting, Ash is blind like Urkel, as nimble as a truck on ice, and couldn't fight a playground toddler if his life depended on it. Great, can't wait to see what the next chapter adds...    



Type.................: Game

Platform.............: PS1

Image Format.........: .bin + .cue

Image Created with...: CloneCD

Burn Tested..........: Yes

Published by.........: THQ

Developed by.........: Heavy Iron Studios

Genre................: Adventure 

Number of Players....: 1

Release Date.........: October 30, 2000 

Also Available On....: PC, Dreamcast 

Features.............: Memory Card, Dual Shock, Vibration
