



The One Eyed Dude 

  provides you with

..: UAZ Offroad-Racing 4X4  -.direct.play.- :..

ripped: > nothing!
added: > experience...


.: about :.


Championship Mode is a career game mode, where your 
character takes part in the Russian Off-road Cup. 

To win you need to race and take top places, earning Rating points
which unlock new races in five different regions of Russia.

There are in 5 stages in the Championship.
You move to the next stage after taking the top place in the final race 
of the current stage. After this a new stage of championship starts and 
new tracks are unlocked.

You can complete tracks in championship unlimited number of times. 
The amount of rating points and money earned from top places is limited,
but the amount of bonus points is not. Thereby, when completing the race 
again you may take your time and collect bonus points, which are required 
or unlocking new tuning parts in the Garage.

Single race mode contains two sub-modes. Instant race is a race on a
randomly chosen track with random vehicle from your garage.
Click "Start" in the "Instant race" menu and the specified race will start ?
it is chosen from the races that are already unlocked in the Championship. 
If the currently selected track does not suit you, click "Generate" and a
random track and vehicle from your garage will be selected. 
Custom race sub-mode gives you an opportunity to select one from eight 
available race types and choose a track for this type of race. 

The available tracks are those unlocked in the Championship. 

Note: In the Single race mode, when you finish the race all the vehicle 
damage, as well as bonus points will disappear. 
Money and rating points that are available in Championship are not present
in Single race.

The game contains 6 types of missions, as indicated by their descriptions and
icons: Trial, Trophy, Sprint, Freeride, Orienteering, Night Orienteering.

Minimum hardware configuration

Windows 98, ME, 2000 or XP
CPU: 1.5 GHz
RAM: 256 Mb
DirectX 9.0-compliant video card with 64 Mb VRAM 
(GeForce 3 or Radeon 9200)
5 Gb free disc space
DirectX 9.0-compliant sound card
DirectX 9.0c
CD/DVD-ROM

Recommended hardware configuration
Windows 98, ME, 2000 or XP
CPU: 2.8 GHz
RAM: 512 Mb
DirectX 9.0-compliant video card with 128 Mb VRAM 
(GeForce FX 5700 or Radeon 9600)
5 Gb free disc space
DirectX 9.0-compliant sound card
DirectX 9.0c
CD/DVD-ROM

more...> www.4x4game.ru



.: install :.

1.: Unrar with latest winrar or use 7zip!

2.: double click: 1x4x4-start.exe ( must be done, 1st! )

3.: double click: MakeDestopIcon.exe and start with Desktop-icon. ;) 

after all size should be about 3.8+ gb (!)

note...> in case game doesnt starts, go to crack.n.more folder and install
WM9Codecs.exe - wmp6cdcs.exe - wmv9VCMsetup.exe






S p e c i a l   I n f o   N o t e :


Some virus-scanner recognize the header of a packed exe 

( 1x4x4-start.exe )

as a lame virus, (coz its thebyte by byte check error of em!.) 

Its almost certainly a false positive alert from overly protective heuristics

you can read more about in your VirusTool-Manual or VirusTools-WebSite!.

(heuristics).    >>>  thank you for reading!.



-ToeD


-eol-
