Bob Dylan
Live 1966 "The Royal Albert Hall Concert" The Bootleg Series Vol. 4 
Release Date : 10/13/1998
Label : LEGACY
Selection # : 065759



The Royal Albert Hall Concert, actually recorded on May 17th, 1966 at Free Trade Hall in Manchester, England, is a legendary concert and a landmark in Dylan's career as a document of his making the bold move from acoustic folk music to electric rock. The move was controversial, the audience response was mixed, but above all, the performances were riveting. Famous for the often angry response of the crowd, this recording captures all of the stomping, booing and even the now famous cry of "Judas" from the audience (and Dylan's equally famous retort). 


" . . . the greatest rock concert ever made." ---Dave Marsh 

"The birth of modern rock as we know it." ---Q Magazine 

"...[His] screw-you goodbye is ... a vicious, exhilarating reminder that rock & roll ... once had the power not only to bind but to divide, to be a weapon of argument and vengeance. " --Rolling Stone 

"The most famous bootleg live album of all time..." ---MOJO 

"A classic case of not giving the audience what they want but what they need, Mr. Dylan's oft-bootlegged 1966 gig begins with lovely and supple folk that foreshadows folk music's turn from protest song to introspection. The album's true highlight is the legendarily ill received and rocked-out electric set, with Dylan backed by members of the Band. There are too many perfect, on-fire guitar solos by Robbie Robertson to count, and Dylan himself responds to the audience's angry bewilderment with equal parts menace, grace, and brilliance." --Mike McGonigal 

Track Listing  

 Disc 1 
1  She Belongs To Me   
2  Fourth Time Around   
3  Visions Of Johanna   
4  It's All Over Now, Baby Blue   
5  Desolation Row   
6  Just Like A Woman   
7  Mr. Tambourine Man
   
 Disc 2 
1  Tell Me, Momma   
2  I Don't Believe You (She Acts Like We Never Have Met)   
3  Baby, Let Me Follow You Down   
4  Just Like Tom Thumb's Blues   
5  Leopard-Skin Pill-Box Hat   
6  One Too Many Mornings   
7  Ballad Of A Thin Man   
8  Like A Rolling Stone   
 
     
