I recently decided to stop seeding this and all other albums due to the fact that Piratebay users simply don't seed or care about ratios at all. I will make another try in maybe a month from now at best with a new album. I'm sorry, but the only one you can blame is probably yourself.





FLAC - Free Lossless Audio Compression
http://flac.sf.net
Note that this is NOT compressed and ruined mp3 files. This is pure FLAC, ripped using EAC for CD quality only. NOTE that playing Mp3s or other lossy formats on your stereo can seriously make damage to your equipment. Stay Pure, Stay FLAC!


Artist: At the Drive-In 
Album: Relationship of Command 
Rating: ****
Release Date: Sep 12, 2000 
Recording Date: 2000 
Label: Virgin 

 
 
AMG Review by Blake Butler 
Welcome to the breath-robbing, heart-pounding Relationship of Command, an album many have been waiting for with red-faced anticipation since their last EP, the brilliant Vaya. On this 11-track masterpiece, so full of adrenaline and swarming moods, ATDI has created one of the most infecting and mind-blowing rock albums in a long time. While most of the tracks are of the more aggressive edge, this is undeniably the band's most focused and well put together and, therefore, best all-around album yet. "Quarantined" and "Sleepwalk Capsules" alone make this album worth purchasing: This music is seamless and inspiring. Electronic movements meshed into "Enfilade" stretch the texture of the album further, into the unique backup vocals of Iggy Pop on "Rolodex Propaganda." Amidst all the rock, there is the undeniably unique edge about ATDI's sound, something that has permeated through their music from the Hell Paso 7". Beautiful vocals bursting passion in quirky, abstract, and often thrilling lyrics, youthful energy, driving melodies, and a sense of beyond-the-moment urgency. Moving from Relentless to Grand Royal, as well as to the notorious and mostly infamous producer Ross Robinson, has not killed the band's spirit or sound, as many loyal fans feared it would in the pattern of Jawbreaker, Jawbox, among others. If anything, it has allowed the band to push themselves to new limits, to fulfill what they have been working for relentlessly for so long. This is not a band that could ever be insincere. You can see it in their eyes and feel it in their music and work ethic. ATDI is one of the saviors of true emotional straight-up rock! 
 


Tracks 

1  Arcarsenal  At the Drive In  2:55  
2  Pattern Against User  At The Drive In  3:17  
3  One Armed Scissor  At The Drive In  4:19  
4  Sleepwalk Capsules  At The Drive In  3:27  
5  Invalid Litter Dept.  At The Drive In  6:05  
6  Mannequin Republic  At The Drive In  3:02  
7  Enfilade  At The Drive In  5:01  
8  Rolodex Proaganda  At The Drive In  2:55  
9  Quarantined  At The Drive In  5:24  
10  Cosmonaut  At the Drive In  3:23  
11  Non-Zero Possibility  At The Drive In  5:36  
 
 


 
EAC extraction logfile from 1. December 2004, 20:51 for CD
At The Drive-In / Relationship Of Command

Used drive  : SONY    CD-RW  CRX225E   Adapter: 1  ID: 0
Read mode   : Secure with NO C2, accurate stream, disable cache
Combined read/write offset correction : 0
Overread into Lead-In and Lead-Out : No

Used output format : Internal WAV Routines
                     44.100 Hz; 16 Bit; Stereo

Other options      : 
    Fill up missing offset samples with silence : No
    Delete leading and trailing silent blocks : No
    Native Win32 interface for Win NT & 2000
