*OFFLINE INSTALLER NOTES*

    This is ONLY for people who did NOT have their internet connection
    active during the installation of Half-Life 2 and Steam. 
   
    If you DID have your internet connection active while installing 
    Half-Life_2_Retail-VENGEANCE, which includes STEAM and the game itself,
    then you can ignore this release.

    Extract the files to anywhere on your HDD, and run hl2install.exe. 
    Presto! :)
    
    Run the game from the desktop shortcut! (and only the desktop shortcut)

   *NOTES*
 
    At last a 100% functional and automated retail release of the most
    anticipated sequel in PC games history.

    As you have been struggling with the 101 fixes for the EMPORiO releases
    of this fantastic game, we have been working diligently to bring you
    this quality release which is deserved for a title of such magnitude.

    Not only does this version work, it works FASTER, giving you a much
    better gameplay experience.  Through a custom built Steam emulator, 
    Vengeance allows you to play Half-Life 2 the way it is meant to be 
    played. Files are directly streamed from the Valve Game Cache Files (GCF), 
    allowing any Source Engine game to be played identical to the official 
    Valve Steam Client.  This means that you don't need to run Steam to play.

    You can expect much shorter loading times and much smoother gameplay, 
    without the need to tweak config files or to mess around with the AI Node 
    Graph Rebuilds. Oh and did we mention, you dont have to extract 30,000+ 
    fragmented files to play?

    With patience and due time, we have recreated the installation CABs with
    the decrypted GCF files (resulting in smaller CD sizes) and modified the 
    original installer to recognize the new CABs to allow for a fully 
    autmoated installation.  Combined with our hl2install to apply the cracks, 
    extract the minimal essential game files and create the necessary 
    shortcuts, Vengeance has finally brought to you a no-hassle, no-bullshit, 
    fully working and unprecedented release of Half-Life 2.