I want to thank a great many people who uploaded their torrents which I was then able to download and build much of my collection from. It is my turn to give, and I hope you will receive!

I have a lot of music to share and a limited bandwidth to do so effectively. I am starting with Piano music, and have broken my music up into Composers. I will share 5 torrents per month for 3 months to ensure eveyone gets a chance to download them completely.


UPLOAD DATES

Month 1 (3rd May 07 - 2nd June 07):
Albeniz - Piano Music
Bach - Piano Music
Beethoven - Piano Music
Brahms - Piano Music
Debussy - Piano Music

Month 2 (3rd June 07 - 2nd July 07):
Dvorak - Piano Music
Grieg - Piano Music
Mozart - Piano Music
Satie - Piano Music
Schumann - Piano Music

Month 3 (3rd July 07 - 2nd August 07):
Scriabin - Piano Music
Tchaikovsky - Piano Music
Turina - Piano Music
Villa-Lobos - Piano Music
Weber - Piano Music


If there is a torrent that is no longer being seeded, just email me and I will begin seeding it again. I want to share this music with you.

hermanss@gmail.com


Enjoy! And share your collections too! Let's get it all out there!

Shaun



FILENAMES & FORMATS

I am meticulous in the organisation of my classical music. My filename structure is as follows:

eg

Rachmaninov - Larrocha - Piano Sonata n. 2, Op. 36 - 1 - Allegro agitato.wma
     ^           ^               ^            ^      ^          ^         ^
 Composer     Performer        Piece        Opus   Mvmt n.   Movement   format


I use this structure so that all the information is contained in the filename, instead of in the tag info or not at all. Filenames are sometimes really long, but this doesn't bother me.

I use mp3 and wma because these are the formats my portable mp3 player can read.
Most of my music is kept at a modest 192kb/s (mp3) or 160kb/s (wma). I only sometimes keep symphonic music that I adore at higher bitrates, but for the most part, these bitrates are practical for me.

As for tag information:

Album: Rachmaninov
Artist: Larrocha
Genre: Classical Piano

I use this only for my mp3 player so I can navigate my music with ease. I use Audioshell for all my batch tag renaming.

