Meridian & Gabriella Kerez - scene from Rocco`s`True Anal Stories #9` (1999)

Comment:
Finally, the scene from countless uploads but with both OK resolution and original sound. I combined the sound from an old VCD release with the video from a French dubbed rip. There`s a few minutes worth of girl-girl action missing from the beginning, sorry.



Cast:
Gabriella Kerez (as Susan) [Anal Facial DP A2M], Meridian (as Svetlana) [Anal DP A2M], Frank Gun, Nacho Vidal, Rocco Siffredi, unnamed males


Scene review:
Svetlana, a nice looking bleached blonde with a great natural body, and Suzan, a raven-tressed knockout with a killer body who reminds me a little of Liv Tyler, start things out at a photo shoot. Svetlana is a model, and after her shoot Rocco spies Suzan, who he wants to model for him although she?s not interested. Suzan?s interest rises a bit after Svetlana talks to her while holding a pair of dildos, and soon after Svetlana is letting her mouth explore Suzan?s amazing body. Svetlana also puts one of the dildos to work on Suzan before letting Suzan return some of her affections with tongue and dildo. Suzan gets nervous and runs away when they?re caught by Franco Roccaforte, Frank Gunn, and Robert Ribot, but stays close enough to watch Svetlana take on the three of them. Svetlana frequently takes the guys into her throat while she sucks them, and doesn?t waste any time letting them fuck each of her holes. Rocco talks Suzan into coming to take a closer look, and loosens her up by getting her to rub Franco?s balls while fucking Svetlana?s ass reverse cowgirl style. Suzan takes a few ass to mouths before Svetlana moves on to take a few double penetrations. Finally, Frank Gunn coaxes Suzan into a little action as Rocco joins in. Things really break loose here, and turn into a major fuck-fest with everybody involved really getting into it! While Suzan lets Rocco work over her holes with his cock and fingers, Svetlana continues to take on the others. Suzan?s inhibitions disappear as she takes Franco in her mouth, as soon after she lets Rocco spoon her ass. Svetlana joins in to rim Rocco and let her tongue go between Rocco and Suzan as Rocco fucks Suzan?s ass before Suzan kicks things up another notch with a few double penetrations. By the end of the scene, each of the guys has had his way with each of the girl?s holes. Robert leads off the pops, fucking Suzan?s ass and then popping on it and Svetlana?s mouth, before letting Svetlana clean up Suzan?s asshole. Frank is next, followed by Franco, with each of them fucking Svetlana?s pussy from behind and then popping on Suzan?s face and letting her lick up his mess on Svetlana?s pussy and ass. Surprisingly, Rocco never pops.

Despite this scene lacking a Rocco pop, I wasn`t even halfway through this scene I could understand why so many Rocco fans had been clamoring for this feature to be released on DVD! Svetlana and Suzan do a great job starting it out, and while Suzan runs off to play innocent and shy, which she proves very well she isn?t later, Svetlana plays the fuck-slut amazingly well. Svetlana carries the scene well enough while Suzan watches that the scene could have ended without Suzan ever getting involved with the guys. Instead, Suzan?s ?conversion? raises the scene up yet another notch, making this one of the best scenes I?ve watched from this series and a scene that should easily convert anybody into a fan of this series who can be. There?s plenty of nasty stuff here, but it all feels completely natural and never detracts from the scene.


43:48 mins.
.avi
512 x 384


SCREENS:
 
http://www.jam-hot.com/details.php?id=10564







.



