Legend of Mana PSX

Rar packed
CDs: 1
Image type: ccd,img,sub
Language: US
Game description:
http://www.psxa2z.com/gpgs/BT0538.html

My description:
I like this RPG because it doesn't follow the line of other RPGs. You don't wonder around in a big world solving quests. In this game you create your own world. The pieces of the world have been turned into artefacts and when you find one and release that piece you will be able to enter that place and other mysteries and artefacts will be revealed. The battle system is good. as you fight and gains exp you'll get new moves, yes it's action. Different weapons got their own spectacular moves and there're a lot of weapons to choose. The intro score is made by the same auther as The kingdom Hearts, and sang by another great japanese artist. I don't remember their names but it's amezing, the language of that song is in old swedish.

PCSXBOX configurations:
Bios yes
Old frameskip on
Framelimit on

The intro FMV will have some stuttering sound and only left speaker but the game will run perfect. If you use regualr frameskip the intro will be ok but the ingame graffic transitions between the events will be jumpy. Also there are some wierd sound when walking on wooded surface, elsewere is perfect sound. Don't use HLE because it will hang after the nice swedish song, no mather what.


Other games that I have and all works on the Xbox. Make request here if you want.

Alundra ( http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3389495 )
Alundra 2
Brigandine US ( http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3388482 )
Brigandine Grand Edition Jap
Bubble Bobble 2
Bust a Groove 1 and 2
Chrono Cross ( http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3388893 )
Diablo
Digimon World ( http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3394521 )
Final Fantasy VII
Legand of Dragoon ( http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3392365 )
Lunar 2 Eternal Blue Complete
R-Type Delta
Salamander DX
Star Ocean the 2nd Story (Doesn't work on the pcsxbox, hangs on the first battle, sorry.)
Top Shop

/Frezzno


- PSX - PCSXBOX - PSXBOX ----------------------------------------------
Playing PSX games on xbox is not only cool, it's also fun and pleasent.
Sometimes it's even better than playing on a real Playstation. That is
if you got the game to actually work, which seems to be a difficult
task. Because of that few will choose to play PSX on the Xbox and a
game will be hard to find, as it already is. The Xbox community is big
and by introducing the PSX there a dying race might rise again, or at
least not be forgotten. And others, both old and new, will have a
chance to enjoy what once ruled the earth. Please help this community
by uploading more games and include this entire tag to your description
along with details of Pcsxbox configuration for the game. By having
this tag a game will be easy to find and surely work on the Xbox when
making a search on PCSXBOX or exclusively PSXBOX. While making a simple
search on PSX others can enjoy it on other systems as well.

/Thanks for sharing.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------