TTC - The Teaching Company

No Excuses: Existentialism and the Meaning of Life, 3rd Edition 
 
Course Number 437?24 lectures (30 minutes/lecture)

Taught by: Professor Robert Solomon?The University of Texas at Austin 
 
"[A] very meticulous treatment of a very difficult subject."
?Alexander Milne, Cupertino, CA
 
If you believe that life should be a quest for values, reasons, and purpose?filled with passion 
and governed by individual responsibility?then yours is the sort of mind to which the 
existentialist philosophers were speaking. 

More than a half century after it burst upon the intellectual scene?coming in the wake of 
turbulent decades marked by global war, massive ideological violence, and the birth of nuclear 
weapons?existentialism has continued to exert a profound attraction for individuals driven to 
reexamine life?s most fundamental questions of individual responsibility, morality, and personal 
freedom.

What is life? What is my place in it? What choices does this obligate me to make? 

If you?ve ever longed to enrich your own understanding of this unique philosophical movement, the 
visionary thinkers it brought together to ponder these questions, and the prominent role it still 
plays in contemporary thought, you now have an opportunity to do so by ordering this freshly 
recorded Third Edition of No Excuses: Existentialism and the Meaning of Life.

Professor Robert Solomon presents his 24 detailed lectures with gratifying lucidity and plenty of 
illuminating detail. His course enables you to grasp existentialism comprehensively, incisively, 
and in context. You will trace its roots back to its 19th-century forbears, examine the impact 
that it made through its reconsideration of fundamental questions, and gain a keen sense of how 
this profoundly original way of fathoming life continues to exert a profound influence today.

Professor Robert Solomon has decades of distinguished teaching at The University of Texas to his 
credit. You will see why his high repute as a classroom lecturer is so well merited when you buy 
these tapes and join him in exploring the religious existentialism of Kierkegaard, the warrior 
rhetoric and often-shocking claims about religion and morality of Nietzsche, the bold and profound 
fiction of Camus, the radical and uncompromising notion of freedom championed by Sartre, the 
searching analysis of human historicity and finitude offered by Martin Heidegger, and more. 

Under Professor Solomon?s clear guidance, you?ll see how these thinkers relate to one another, 
and to the larger tradition of philosophy itself. At the end of your survey, you may conclude 
that one of the most remarkable things about existentialism is the way in which its great 
questions allow room for different routes to the truth, so that this same grand arena of 
intellect can admit?and even welcome?many seemingly disparate voices.

The Third Edition of No Excuses tracks the popular earlier editions closely in terms of content. 
Professor Solomon has reorganized his lectures into a half-hour format that is designed to make 
them easier to use, especially for customers who commute. 

Part I

Lecture 1:  What is Existentialism? 
Lecture 2:  Albert Camus?The Stranger, Part 1
Lecture 3:  Camus?The Stranger, Part II
Lecture 4:  Camus?The Myth of Sisyphus
Lecture 5:  Camus?The Plague and The Fall
Lecture 6:  Camus?The Fall, Part II
Lecture 7:  Søren Kierkegaard?"On Becoming a Christian" 
Lecture 8:  Kierkegaard on Subjective Truth 
Lecture 9:  Kierkegaard's Existential Dialectic 
Lecture 10:  Friedrich Nietzsche on Nihilism and the Death of God
Lecture 11:  Nietzsche, the "Immoralist" 
Lecture 12: Nietzsche on Freedom, Fate, and Responsibility 
 

Part II

Lecture 13:  Nietzsche?The Übermensch and the Will to Power 
Lecture 14:  Three Grand Inquisitors: Dostoevsky, Kafka, Hesse
Lecture 15:  Husserl, Heidegger, and Phenomenology
Lecture 16:  Heidegger on the World and the Self
Lecture 17:  Heidegger on "Authenticity"
Lecture 18:  Jean-Paul Sartre at War
Lecture 19:  Sartre on Emotions and Responsibility 
Lecture 20:  Sartre's Phenomenology
Lecture 21:  Sartre on "Bad Faith"  
Lecture 22:  Sartre's Being-for-Others and No Exit
Lecture 23:  Sartre on Sex and Love
Lecture 24:  From Existentialism to Postmodernism


More related uploads: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/BhangWalla

