A major ocean picture
As soon as there was the first wave, there was the first surfer. All you needed was a piece of driftwood, or a block of ice -- and you were off, you were riding. They were hooked, man, they were hooked - they couldn\'t stop. And they just passed it on and passed it on, handed that surf gene down all the way through the days. Up \'til recent times, you had your old dudes, your \"hang six\" cats, these old guys that used to lay down with huge, humongous boards. These guys were the pioneers. But nobody saw what surfing could really be until Big Z did it.

Who was Big Z? You\'re asking the right guy, you got that far. Z is everything. Big Z is surfing. There may as well not have been an ocean before Z. They invented the ocean for him. He lived so hard because he wasn\'t afraid to live, and he wasn\'t afraid to die. He came to Antarctica when I was just a kid. Man, it was the biggest thing that ever happened here. And suddenly there he was. Just floating over the water, just hovering, like weightless. He could have walked up to anyone...and he walks right up to me. And he gives me this awesome, one of a kind Big Z necklace. Then he tells me, \"No matter what, find a way, \'cause that\'s what winners do.\" He was the greatest. Everyone looked up to him, respected him, loved him. And one day... one day I\'m gonna be just like him.

- Cody Maverick, up-and-coming surfer and star of Surf\'s Up

Surf\'s Up is an animated action-comedy that delves behind the scenes of the high-octane world of competitive surfing. The film profiles teenage Rockhopper penguin Cody Maverick (Shia LaBeouf), an up-and-coming surfer, as he enters his first pro competition. Followed by a camera crew to document his experiences, Cody leaves his family and home in Shiverpool, Antarctica to travel to Pen Gu Island for the Big Z Memorial Surf Off. Along the way, Cody meets Sheboygan surfer Chicken Joe (Jon Heder), famous surf promoter Reggie Belafonte (James Woods), surf talent scout Mikey Abromowitz (Mario Cantone), and spirited lifeguard Lani Aliikai (Zooey Deschanel), all of whom recognize Cody\'s passion for surfing, even if it\'s a bit misguided at times. Cody believes that winning will bring him the admiration and respect he desires, but when he unexpectedly comes face-to-face with a washed-up old surfer (Jeff Bridges), Cody begins to find his own way, and discovers that a true winner isn\'t always the one who comes in first.  


I hope you will enjoy watching this movie as much as I did.The quality is gr8:)
P.S.
Don\'t be gay.. SEED!