Prisoners Are People Too!

Prison Living Magazineâ??s Mission Statement:

* Provide articles of inspiration, motivation and information that prisoners can apply in their unique lives.
* Help the general public see that prisoners are people also; some educated, artistic, skilled and eager to make positive contributions to society.
* Encourage families of prisoners and victims.

â??Iâ??ve been doing time since 1993 in two states and Iâ??ve never found a better faith-centered magazine. So God bless youâ?¦ This facility houses close to 600 inmates and close to 200 enjoy Prison Living. Most of them donâ??t even have a professing faith, so be encouraged with what God had given you guys there in Arizona. Itâ??s working!!â?? Joshua Lawson, Crossroads Correctional Center; Shelby, Mont.

â??After 13 years in prison, I never thought Iâ??d see a magazine like this. I love the variety of issues and topics.â?? Jacob Barrett, Snake River Correctional Institution; Umatilla, Ore.

â??I canâ??t tell you how good it made me feel to see that â??weâ?? have been recognized as people and not only a â??convict with a numberâ??. So Iâ??d like to say thank you for caring and reaching out.â?? Sabrina Stewart, Central Mississippi Correctional Center; Pearl, Miss.

â??Iâ??m inspired by your mag and itâ??s uplifting for me to read in my state of despair of life in prison.â?? Edward H Thomas, Snake River Correctional Institution; Ontari, Ore.





-LEGAL TORRENTS

Purpose:

create a balance, share the already free stuff,
public domain works, freeware, free music,
free ebooks, articles, manifestos, movie trailers, and more.

show the copyright owners that torrent
websites shouldn't bear the responsibility
of what their users upload, torrent websites
are very much similar to google..

users upload what they want to upload,
download what they want to download,
and search for what they want to search..

by creating this balance and sharing the already free
stuff, we hope to take the pressure of torrent websites..

