rare-rare-rare-rare-rare-rare-rare-rare-rare-rare-rare-rare-







The One Eyed Dude


delivers you with



:. title .:

...:: Deadly Dozen 2 - Pacific Theater (c) Infogrames ::... 




:. about .:

The key to victory hinges on the defeat of island strongholds throughout
the Pacific.

To do this the U.S. army deploys specially trained soldiers to carryout 
commando-style attacks against the forces of Japan. 

From sweltering rainforests to sun-baked coral beaches and stinking 

mangrove swamps, players lead their squad of 12 skilled heroes on 
real missions with real consequences.

Coordinate attacks, sneak into enemy villages, rescue captured POWs 
and more.

Missions can be played single-handedly or jointly with friends over the 
Internet for cooperative play. 

Itâ??s the authentic hard-edged intensity of the Pacific Theater.

 


:. features .:

Creep silently through immersive environments featuring authentic WWII
vehicles, weapons, and uniforms. Customize squads and strategy to best 
achieve each missionâ??s objectives.Experience movie-like action and 
environments throughout the entire Pacific campaign from the Philippines 
to Okinawa.Manage team tactics team in single player games, 
play cooperatively over LAN or the Internet. (as usual unTested)



:. System Specs .:

Operating System: WindowsÂ® 98/Me/2000/XP(Vista Untested, may works!?)
Processor: PentiumÂ® II 550 MHz or higher (PentiumÂ® III 900 MHz or higher)
Memory: 128 MB RAM
Hard Disk Space: 650 MB Free
CD-ROM Drive: 8X Speed
Video: 16 MB TNT2-class video card (32 MB - 128 MB VRAM video card recommended)*
Sound: WindowsÂ® 98/Me/2000/XPcompatible sound card*
DirectXÂ®: DirectXÂ® version 8.1 (included) or higher (9.0c.06_JuneVersion Included)

Multiplayer: Internet (TCP/IP) and LAN (TCP/IP) play supported.

Internet play requires:
Internet connection and a 56 Kbps or faster modem. DSL/Cable or other high-speed 
Internet connection recommended. Internet connection required for GameSpy play.


:. screenshots .:
 
http://www.tothegame.com/game.asp?id=1239




:. Install .:

1.: Unrar , and see install-Info.txt for detailed installation Information.





Special Info Note:

Some virus-scanner recognize the header of packed exe's as a lame virus (coz it's

the mostly byte by byte check error of 'em!.) This is truly a false information!.

a so called false positive, you can read all about in your virustool manual or 

website!.







ive included the very very Latest DIRECT X 9.0c. 06/07 (june) use this for all

the newer games!...

