 http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0055471/

Cast overview, first billed only:
Natalie Wood	.... 	Wilma Dean 'Deanie' Loomis
Pat Hingle	.... 	Ace Stamper
Audrey Christie	.... 	Mrs. Loomis
Barbara Loden	.... 	Ginny Stamper
Zohra Lampert	.... 	Angelina
Warren Beatty	.... 	Bud Stamper
Fred Stewart	.... 	Del Loomis
Joanna Roos	.... 	Mrs. Stamper
John McGovern	.... 	Doc Smiley
Jan Norris	.... 	Juanita Howard
Martine Bartlett	.... 	Miss Metcalf
Gary Lockwood	.... 	Toots
Sandy Dennis	.... 	Kay
Crystal Field	.... 	Hazel
Marla Adams	.... 	June

 	

Plot Summary for
Splendor in the Grass (1961)

Deanie would risk everything to be with Bud. Bud is afraid of his father, the most powerful man in a small Kansas town in 1928. Deanie will have to wait until Bud spends four years at Yale. In the meantime he can't spend a lot of time with her, because Deanie isn't that kind of girl. His sister Ginny, back from Chicago, is a constant reminder just how bad a bad girl can be.

Summary written by Dale O'Connor {daleoc@interaccess.com}

Deanie is a beautiful and sensitive teenager who would do whatever her mother and her 1928 Kansas hometown find proper. When Deanie's and boyfriend, Bud's desires intensify, Deanie restrains herself while Bud acts on them, but with another girl. Bud's actions drive Deanie to madness. Can Deanie rebuild her life and find happiness?

Summary written by Kelly

The story of two Kansas high school sweethearts growing up in the late 1920s through the stock market crash of 1929. Bud and Deanie are very much in love, but the pressures of sex in society creates a rift in their relationship. Bud's father encourages him to leave Deanie to find "another kind of girl" which drives Deanie into madness. She is committed into an institution while Bud reluctantly obeys his father and enrolls in Yale. The crash of '29 hits and changes the lives of both their families. Together they learn the harsh lesson of love and life in the '20s and sadly go their separate ways