HAWAIIAN EYE (TV-Series 1959-1963)
Set against the beautiful tropical landscape of Honolulu, Hawaii, this series centered around the cases of Hawaiian Eye Private Investigations and the two handsome, slick, tough-guy detectives who ran the firm - Tom Lopaka (Robert Conrad) and Tracy Steele (Anthony Eisley), a Korean War veteran and former city police detective. They operated out of a swank office at the Hawaiian Village Hotel, where they were also the house detectives. Assisting them occasionally was a funny, ukelele-strumming Hawaiian taxi driver named Kazuo Kim (Poncie Ponce), whose wardrobe - consisting of a straw hat and crazy Hawaiian shirts - and numerous relatives living all over the Hawaiian Islands willing to help his employers if they needed it, provided invaluable comic relief. They were also aided by a dim-bulbed, scatter-brained, flippant nightclub singer and photographer named Chryseis "Cricket" Blake (Connie Stevens). Lt. Danny Quon was their contact on the police force who was always on call to provide any vital information that could help the Eyes crack a case.

s2e13 "Swan Song For A Hero"
The wonderfully eccentric Otto Von Helgren proposes to sail a raft across the Pacific Ocean "in the interests of science" - and a substantial grant from the Pacific Foundation. However, Abner Dexter, an officer from the Foundation, suspects a swindle when Von Helgren refuses to be photographed. Tracy is asked to investigate and calls on Rex Randolph of 77 Sunset Strip to help him expose the fraud.

Guest stars: Robert Lowery (Abner Dexter), John Van Dreelen (Otto von Helgren) , Charles Arnt (Fleems), Richard Long (Rex Randolph), Jean Allison (Mary Potts), Anna Lee (Holly Morrison), Paul Dubov (Philip Houser), Sue England (Receptionist), Dan Tobin (I) (Timmy Yarborough) 
Cameos: Edward Burns (Kookie), Richard Long (Rex Randolf) - both from 77 Sunset Strip
First aired: 7 December 1960 

XviD/416x304/MP3/47min

I put this up as my favorite episode of the series because of the marvelous role played by John Van Dreelan - not as most would think because of the young Robert Conrad. I do have others of this series, so leave a comment if you'd like to see more! :)