Search for test78 to find my other uploads.

Put this in the CD-player at a party and you are guaranteed to have everyones attention. Musically and lyrically this is some of the weirdest that has ever been put on vinyl. 

From www.hasiladkins.com:
Hasil (pronounced Hassil) Adkins has played true lonesome country, hopped up blues, and boogie woogie rockabilly nonstop since 1949. He?s written more than 7,000 songs and can play all of them plus over 2,000 covers from memory! Hasil?s got the rhythm of a speeding freight train, a ready sense of humor, and soul that will find soft spots in even the hardest heart. When Hasil was a child, he was so energetic that his mother would pin his shirt to the ground with a rock so she could pick greens. It shows in his music. Hasil plays four different parts on the guitar while drumming and singing or playing the harmonica. He might triple the tempo on a dime, or stop and tell you a joke. His rhythm is so erratic it can?t be transcribed?yet you can?t help but catch it. Hasil is a notoriously wild member of the Rockabilly Hall of Fame. He has been known to barely sleep for weeks at a time, eat pounds of raw meat, and drink 4 liters and 5 fifths of vodka a day! He is also just about the nicest person you can meet. He is deeply spiritual. Hasil truly loves everybody and honestly wishes them the best. He has known great sorrow, but is a solid optimist. Even if you don?t like music, you owe it to yourself to listen to Hasil Adkins. He?ll play the saddest and the happiest songs you?ll hear for a long time. Hasil will show you sorrow you didn?t know you had and he?ll make you laugh and help you feel very good. Imagine Hank Williams, Robert Johnson, Jerry Lee Lewis, Bo Diddley, Johnny Cash, Screamin? Jay Hawkins, George Jones, Leadbelly, Woody Guthrie, Dolemite, Thomas Edison, Uncle Jesse, Grandpa Munster, Groucho Marx, Johnny B. Goode, Casanova, Pretty Boy Floyd, and Sitting Bull in one body and you start to get the idea. Hasil Adkins is a torch bearer who has fought with legendary determination for the music and the world it embodies. Hasil Adkins is an incredible musician and a national treasure.


160kbs
Covers included


Tracklist:

1. She Said 	  	  	
2. Shake That Thing 	  	  	
3. Ugly Woman 	  	  	
4. Let's Slop Tonight 	  	  	
5. Chicken Walk 	  	  	
6. She's Mine 	  	  	
7. Tell Me Baby 	  	  	
8. If You Want to Be My Baby 	  	  	
9. Big Fat Mama 	  	  	
10. Get Out of My Car 	  	  	
11. Doonie Boogie 	  	  	
12. Walk and Talk With Me 	  	  	
13. I Need Your Head 	  	  	
14. Roll Roll Train 	  	  	
15. I Don't Want Nobody the Way I Want You 	  	  	
16. I Could Never Be Blue 	  	  	
17. I Want Some Lovin' 	  	  	
18. Jenny Lu 	  	  	
19. Let Me Go 	  	  	
20. Rock the Blues 	  	  	
21. I Don't Love You 	  	  	
22. Rock & Roll Tonight 	  	  	
23. Shake With Me 	  	  	
24. Miami Kiss 	  	  	
25. Hunch 	  	  	
26. Duncens 	  	  	
27. No More Hot Dogs 	  	  	
28. Truly Ruly 	  	  	
29. Is That Right 	  	  	
30. Going Back to St. Louis

Enjoy !