Also known as: Shaolin kids

In seventeenth century China...
A reign of terror sweeps the province of Henan. A malicious demon by the name of Heihu has escaped the magic prison where he was locked away for a thousand years. Obsessed with vengeance, and more powerful than ever, he leaves misery and destruction in his wake on a mission to conquer the world. Powerless against the hideous demon and his criminal crew called the "Black Foxes", the mandarin landowners and peasants of Henan turn to the knights of the Shaolin monks for help. They know these guardians of good and justice are also protectors of the weak and innocent, and remember well that three of their own - the Three Shaolin Heros - conquered and captured Heihu in the past.But that was a thousand years ago. Who can replace them now?
Sanzang, the great Shaolin master, communicates with the divine spirits of his ancestors for advice. They suggest he search for the current reincarnations of the Shaolin three, for only they will be able to defeat Heihu again. But when Sanzang at last finds them, he's in for a surprise : the three heroes, Cheng, Tang and Hua - two boys and a girl - are practically children! They're just kids who must be taught the art of Kung fu, develop the discipline of a true Shaolin, and become veritable masters before they can confront the demon and his gang. For Sanzang, it is an awesome responsibility and for Cheng, Tang and Hua, it is an awesome adventure. For beyond the tough apprenticeship they must endure, including endless training sessions and complex tasks and tests, lies a whole world of magic and mystery to be discovered with the Shaolin. Sacred books possessing fantastic powers, dark underground chambers guarded by dragons, bewitched forests, labyrinthine caves full of deadly traps, and castle ruins loaded with ghosts are just a few of the things that distract them from their studies. Performing crazy antics during night time escapades, having dangerous experiences on forbidden explorations, and taking wild risks with Heihu himself by successfully attacking his Black Foxes, they get into as much mischief as heroic deeds. Both brave and rebellious, they bicker and conspire together. Not still children, but not yet heroes, they are... the SHAOLIN KIDS! 

More info: http://cartooneurs.free.fr/pages/shaolinkidsgb.htm

Enjoy and SEED!! 	