Release Date....: 01-25-05
        Air Date........: 01-24-05
                                                                        
        Source..........: Satellite
        Network.........: SpikeTV
        Video...........: XviD 1.0.3
        Video Bitrate...: 2 Pass VBR
        Audio...........: MP3 @ 48000 Hz
        Audio Bitrate...: VBR 128 kbps
        Duration........: 43 Minutes
        Resolution......: 512x384
        Aspect Ratio....: 4:3
        Frame Rate......: 29.976 Fps
                                                                        
        Size............: 25x15mb
                                                                        
        Genre...........: MMA/Reality
                                                                       
                                                                       
        ÜÜ Ü Ü ÜÜÜÜ ÜÜÜÜ ÜÜÜ ÜÜÜ Ü Ü                                
        ÛÜ Û Û ÛÞÝÛ ÛÞÝÛ ÛÜÛ Û Û ßÜß                                   
        ÜÛ ÛÜÛ ÛÞÝÛ ÛÞÝÛ Û Û ÛßÜ  Û                                  
                                                                      
                                                                       
        Sixteen men from across the Americas travel to Las Vegas
        with one dream, one goal - to become The Ultimate Fighter. 
        
        Determination. Discipline. Excellence. 
        
        These young men are accomplished athletes, disciplined in 
        wide range of mixed martial arts that include wrestling, 
        boxing, judo, Jiu-Jitsu, karate and kickboxing. Each has
        the dream, the hope, and the will to fight in an Ultimate
        Fighting Championship event. Only one fighter from each 
        of the two weight classes will succeed with the challenge. 
         
        During the show the competitors will take their training 
        to a higher level. They will be brought to Las Vegas where
        the UFC brand has its National Training Center. For the 
        next seven weeks the competitors will be under the strict
        supervision of two of the most successful and famous UFC
        fighters and trainers on the planet, UFC Light Heavyweight
        Champion Randy Couture and UFC Light Heavyweight #1 Contender
        Chuck Liddell. 
        
        The competitors will endure the most grueling training and
        intense pressure of their lives. They will train together,
        live together, and fight against each other inside and outside
        of the storied UFC Octagon. The men are split into two teams,
        Team Liddell and Team Couture. The two squads compete against
        each other within their weight classes to avoid elimination. 
        
        In each episode, the competitors will also compete in a 
        "Challenge." The Challenges are designed to push the fighters
        to the edge of their physical and mental capabilities. The 
        Challenges revolve around old school training techniques, 
        physical stamina, and mental strategy. The team that wins the
        challenge controls which fighters must fight to avoid elimination. 
         
        At the end of each week, one fighter from each team must fight in
        the Octagon to avoid being kicked out of the UFC Training Center
        until only two remain in each weight division. In the end, The 
        Ultimate Fighter will be decided by a competition match 
        -- a head-to-head fight to the finish inside the Octagon. 
        
        The weak are eliminated... 
          
        The strong will survive... 
         
        Only one will be left standing from each weight class... 
        
        The Ultimate Fighter