A commendable video course in basic psychology, if you are interested in such matters. Actually just a test to see if the community is ready for other than music, movies and porn, porn, porn....  Fuck porn and start to think. I hate porn. And missiles.

"Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men." - Copy to Clipboard
  --  Martin Luther King Jr. 

Well, thanks for listening, here is the torrent:

Preview: http://www.coastlearning.org/courses/course.php?cid=27 

This telecourse offers insights into key concepts and principles of psychology through a focus on human experience. Interviews with subject matter experts, researchers, and other experts in the field of psychology are used to explain and apply psychological concepts in twenty-six 30-minute programs. Each video is a complete lesson, and utilizes original videography of biological processes, as well as historical and contemporary research. Stories of challenge, relationships, investigation, hope, and inspiration are told using original footage of real life case studies. Animated three-dimensional computer graphics of life processes and concepts are also incorporated in each lesson.
Coast learning Systems
www.coastlearning.org
version/product code: Ie04PTHE
Psychology: The Human Experience
4-DVD Set

Disc One
  Lesson 01: Why Study Psychology?
  Lesson 02: Research Methods in Psychology
  Lesson 03: The Nervous System
  Lesson 04: The Neuron & Neural Transmission
  Lesson 05: Sensation & Perception
  Lesson 06: Consciousness
  Lesson 07: Learning: Classical & Operant Conditioning

Disc Two
  Lesson 08: Learning: Observational & Cognitigve Approaches
  Lesson 09: Memory
  Lesson 10: Language & Cognition
  Lesson 11: Intelligence
  Lesson 12: Motivation
  Lesson 13: Emotions
  Lesson 14: Infant & Child Development

Disc Three
  Lesson 15: Adolescent & Adult Development
  Lesson 16: Gender & Sexuality
  Lesson 17: Personality Theories
  Lesson 18: Personality Traits & Assessment
  Lesson 19: Social Cognition
  Lesson 20: Attitudes
  Lesson 21: Group Influence

Disc Four
  Lesson 22: Stress, Health, & Coping
  Lesson 23: Understanding Psychological Disorders, Part One
  Lesson 24: Understanding Psychological Disorders, Part Two
  Lesson 25: Therapies
  Lesson 26: Making Psychology Part of Your Life