Can't Buy Me Love: 

Year: 1987
IMDB:http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0092718
Runtime:94 min
Country:USA 
Format: Color, DVD-Video, NTSC 
Language:English ONLY - ENGLISH AUDIO ONLY, so don't ask about other languages
Subs - None, so don't ask about other languages
Sound Mix:Dolby Digital

DVD INFO
Nothing ripped using DVD Decyptor the entire movie  fits on a 4.7 gig DVD disc, ALL extras kept in.  
Thats right this is the full Region1 retail DVD.

Cast:
 
 Patrick Dempsey ...  Ronald Miller 
 Amanda Peterson ...  Cindy Mancini 
 Courtney Gains ...  Kenneth Wurman 
 Tina Caspary ...  Barbara 
 Seth Green ...  Chuckie Miller 
 Sharon Farrell ...  Mrs. Mancini 

Plot:

Ronald Miller is tired of being a nerd, and makes a deal with one of the most popular girls in school to help him break into the "cool" clic.
He offers her a thousand dollars to pretend to be his girlfriend for a month. It succeeds, but he soon learns that the price of popularity 
may be higher than he expected. To try and get out of his nerdy set, Ronald offers Cindy, cheerleader and school\\\'s most popular girl, 
a deal. She urgently needs $1,000 which he will let her have if she dates him for a month. Being desperate she grudgingly accepts, 
and soon starts to actually like him. But she finds his plan of becoming number one guy has worked and he has other fish to fry.

Ronald Miller has had a crush on the beautiful Cindy Mancini for years - who doesn't even know his name. 
Cindy's idea of a Saturday night includes parties while Ronald's is poker games. 
In addition, Cindy is dating the former football star turned college pro - who has been giving her the cold shoulder. 
Cindy finds herself in a desperate situation when she borrows her mother's $1000 suede dress, without permission, and ruins it. 
The only person who has the money to replace the dress, without her mother finding out, is Ronald. However, Ronald tells her that 
the only condition for him giving her the money is if she poses as his girlfriend for a month. As the month passes, she begins to show 
an interest in Ronald. But he is so consumed with popularity, he is blind to her feelings. In addition, he also begins to join in with his 
new \\\"friends\\\" in taunting his old friends. Can Ronald find his way before he loses Cindy and everyone he cares about?


