"discography" means a LIST of recordings, not a collection. 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discography

Find more NIN downloads here:
http ://bit . ly / ETSDownloads
http ://media fire . com / nympholept

(remove the spaces)
-----------------
Since demonoid went away, there has been a void in the availability of Nine Inch Nails torrents.
Edit: demonoid is back - but they've recently deleted all of my torrents.  Thanks demonoid!  I will no longer be uploading there  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/nympholept/ - enjoy!


If you have anything by Nine Inch Nails that is currently unavailable, please torrent it, for the sake all fans.  
(Individual torrents please, not 400gb collections)

Many people already have this particular torrent - if you do, please help seed it.


Nine Inch Nails Fan Compilation.
The Interview Essentials Vol 3 (+ extras)

Do not transcode.
Do not youtube without citing, and linking to your source - everyone deserves this in full quality

Any questions about this DVD can be directed to: 
http://www.echoingthesound.org/phpbbx/viewtopic.php?t=19985

Any comments about torrent speed, you can shove up your arse.   
This torrent will be slow.  I will not be seeding 24/7.

This non professional, fan made DVD was compiled by eatyourblud (of echoingthesound.org) for fans to enjoy without paying for the privilege.
Please do not allow these to be sold. 
If you see them for sale, report the person selling them or forward their details to eatyourblud@gmail.com
Share with everyone freely and enjoy!

EYB says: "
	1. BDO 2000 interview footage-
		Channel V special that contains shortish portions of TR's interview with Jabba, and some funny quotes and comments by some Aussie bands that were on the bill about their rememberances of NIN. 
		5 minutes.

	2. TR excerpts from the Johnny Cash tribute show-
		Pretty old now, but i had a few requests for this to be added to the next interviews collection. 
		For shits and giggles i included the STUNNING Sheryl Crow version of Hurt...BWAHAHAHAHA! 
		10 minutes

	3. Summersonic Festival Japan 2005 interviews/clips-
		Nice little special, 3 sets of interviews and clips. 
		Features the only non web-streamed pro shot clips of ENTIRE songs from the 2005 tour (Head like a hole, Pinion, Wish and Hurt ) 
		30 minutes

	4. Australian 'Rage' tv special from 2000-
		TR introducing his fav clips and discussing some of his influences. 
		The clips themselves are not included. 
		A few people emailed and pm'd me requesting this, so i chucked it on, even though it's already on an earlier compilation i put out. 
		Added at the last minute, not the greatest quality, but best i could find. 
		*DISCLAIMER- Yes, he talks extensively about Public Enemy and A Tribe Called Quest, but this DOES NOT mean the new album will be hip hop!!!*...
		20 minutes.

	5. Extra - 'Light Of Day' footage-
		TR's infamous scenes from the movie. 
		Again, very old, but requested by some newer fans. 
		5 minutes.

	6. Extra - Eraser/Hurt screen projection footage from SD tour-
		For those that weren't around at the time, in mid 2005 our friend Jose (aka Itouchedtrent_reznor, customersarefirst, etc) put his copy of these up for sale for a ridiculous amount on Ebay. 
		I'd had these for a few years and sat on 'em, but released them for free when he started that crap. 
		His copy had crappy audio, this copy has been resynced using the audio of TDS special edition 
		As requested.
		10 minutes

	7. Extra - Dallas 1990 pro shot show-
		The same show currently on Youtube, renamed "hate 1990"
		As requested.
		40 minutes.

	8. Extra - Mr Self Destruct live clip 1994 -
		For some reason, a lot of you have been asking for live clips of MSD, so here's my fav from Nashville 1994.
"

eatyourblud thanks nympholept, Slaytez, Gayo, It'sjustdave, Devon, bmoloney, bradmf and ninefootnails