When Do We Eat? (2005)

Genre: Comedy


Tagline: Sex, Drugs, and Matzoh Ball Soup 

Plot Outline: A family's Passover gets screwy after the patriarch unknowingly ingests a hit of Ecstasy.


User Comments: I personaly enjoyed this film :)


Cast overview, first billed only:

	Michael Lerner	.... 	Ira Stuckman

	Lesley Ann Warren	.... 	Peggy Stuckman

	Jack Klugman	.... 	Artur

	Meredith Scott Lynn	.... 	Jennifer

	Shiri Appleby	.... 	Nikki

	Mili Avital	.... 	Vanessa
	Ben Feldman	.... 	Zeke

	Adam Lamberg	.... 	Lionel

	Max Greenfield	.... 	Ethan
	Cynda Williams	.... 	Grace
	Mark Ivanir	.... 	Rafi

	Dan Bucatinsky	.... 	High Strung Client
	Oscar Nunez	.... 	Santa Designer
	Vickilyn Reynolds	.... 	Talk Show Host

	Victoria Justice	.... 	Young Nikki


MPAA: Rated R for drug use, language and some sexual content.
Runtime: USA:86 min
Country: USA 




IMDB User Comments:

This is A Terrific Jewish Flick!,
9/10
Author: magicpaul-2 from Minneapolis United States

Along with Adam Goldberg's Shaft-parody, "The Hebrew Hammer," the marvelous indie "When Do We Eat" is one of the two finest contemporary comedies with Jewish themes -- a far cry from the traditional Jewish cinema pantheon of "Fiddler," "Crossing Delancy," "Yentl" and "The Chosen." Uproariously funny, sexy and occasionally profane, yes -- but it's also deeply affectionate as "When Do We Eat" pokes fun at the righteousness of the orthodox, Passover traditions, and maddening family members from stoners to sex workers and Moshe Dayan look-a-likes. The script is sharp, the acting terrific ("Quincy" alum Jack Klugman is a riot as the Holocaust-surviving grandfather), and the hallucinogenic production values - inspired by legendary Hagadah books - is brilliant. An antidote to anyone who laments the laundering of authentic Jewish content from ostensibly Jewish TV sit-coms and films. Bravo!


Remember sharing is caring :-]
give something back to the p2p community


another torrent from azzrael Your local movie provider...