Laplink Gold v.12.01 - connect, synchronize and control your remote PC's. 

Laplink Software LapLink Gold v.12.01 - continues to raise the standard for PC-to-PC connectivity including enhanced Internet functionality; ultra-fast, always safe file transfers and migration; security levels you control and convenient compatibility with any Windows PC including Microsoft?s newest operating system, Windows Server 2003. It will give you the level of mobility, independence and control you may have never thought possible. 
 With LapLink Gold 12.01 you will have everything you need to run applications on remote computers, access important files, synchronize folders, conduct remote meeting, support co-workers or friends and print files on distant printers. 
 File Transfer - You can move or copy files between computers. Customizing any of the several File Transfer settings simplifies complicated transfers. LapLink?s patented SpeedSync? technology makes updating files faster because as the updated files are compared, and only the changes - not the entire file - are transferred. A comprehe-nsive security system, including encryption, protects your valuable data at all times.

Xchange Agent - You can synchronize files and folders between two computers (or drives). Use Xchange Agent to transfer vital information to and from a portable computer, or to back up important files. You can schedule Xchange Agent to run regularly, so that your information is always up to date; Xchange Agent automatically connects, transfers files, and disconnects. 
 Remote Control - You can control another computer as though you were sitting at that computer, using its keyboard, mouse, and programs while looking at its screen. Whether your computer is controlling or being controlled, you have the same setup and start-up procedures. You can even copy information from one computer and paste it on the other. 
 Print Redirection - You can print a document from a remote computer to your local printer over Remote Control, or print local documents to a printer at a remote location. This means you don't have to use File Transfer to get documents printed where you want them. 
 Text Chat - You can exchange messages with someone at a remote computer by typing messages in a window. This is useful if you need to communicate with the person at the other end while performing other services like File Transfer and Remote Control. Text Chat information is saved, and you can also cut and paste text into the Text Chat window.
 Voice Chat - You can talk with someone at a remote computer while you perform other services like File Transfer and Remote Control. Voice Chat requires a microphone and sound card on each computer. 
What's New in LapLink Gold 12.01?
The new features in Laplink Gold 12 provide Laplink users complete connectivity using a wide range of options and without any special firewall configurations required on any of their PCs. The new features include: 
 Laplink Internet - Allows simple and secure connections through firewalls and routers - without additional configuration or opening any special ports. 
 Laplink Antivirus - Scans all files transferred using Laplink Gold 12; stays updated with the latest virus definitions. 
 Laplink Remote Desktop - Using Windows-native protocols, Laplink Remote Desktop provides the best ever remote access for Windows XP/Server 2000/2003 computers and provides fallback Remote Control for older operating systems. 
Laplink Gold 12 also includes features designed to increase the produc-tivity of corporate IT departments by allowing them to support users without leaving their desks, and effortlessly managing remote servers. Gold 12"s access and remote control capabilities allow IT personnel to operate, maintain, reconfigure, and reboot computers - even supports users running previous versions of Laplink Gold. The Push Install feature allows for deployment of Laplink Gold 12 across the enterprise from a single location and to capture and retrieve snapshots and obtain system information from remote computers		