
            Happy Hacker Industries:presents:BRING IT ON ALL OR               
            NOTHING.ENGLISH.DVDRIP.XVID                                       
                                                                              
ReLeaSe         Bring it On All Or Nothing                                    
     TyPe            Comedy                                                   
     LaNGuaGe        English                                                  
     ReLeaSe DaTe    August 8th, 2006                                         
WideScreen                                                                    
     auDio           MP3 128Kbps                                              
     CoDeC           XviD v1.2                                                
     FRaMe RaTe      23.976                                                   
     ReSoLuTioN      640 x 368                                                

                   Universal Studios(2006). Length : 99min                    
                                    PG-13                                     


 Britney Allen is living the dream -- the cheerleader's dream. At the elite   
 seaside campus of Pacific Vista High School, Britney is captain of the       
 cheerleading squad and the envy of everyone at school -- including one       
 overly-ambitious teammate. When Britney hears about a forthcoming audition   
 for a top cheer squad to appear in recording star Rihanna's upcoming         
 television special, she is determined that her Pirates cheer squad will      
 capture the coveted spot. But Britney's life turns from cheer-topia to       
 cheer-tastrophe when her father's job takes her family to Crenshaw Heights,  
 a multi-ethnic working-class neighborhood east of Los Angeles. At her new    
 school, Britney is viewed with suspicion by most of the students,            
 especially by Camille, the overly confident and acerbic leader of the        
 Crenshaw Heights Warriors cheerleading squad. No one is more surprised than  
 Camille, however, when Britney proves herself and secures a spot on the      
 Warriors' cheer squad. Britney and her new teammates work feverishly to      
 prepare for the audition for Rihanna, incorporating some edgy new moves      
 into their performance. Now the pressure is on, as the Warriors find         
 themselves locked in a high-stakes cheer-off with Pacific Vista, Britney's   
 old school! During the no-holds-barred fight to the finish, friendships,     
 loyalties and talents are tested -- but only one team can come out on top.   
                                                                              

--------==========----------
Happy Hacker Industries 

Is an Audio/Video ripping group founded several years ago
by a few individuals who do nothing but deal with computers
on a yearly 24/7 schedule; and sometimes when sleeping. 

We release things as we find the time to do so, we do not 
release items necessarily as they come out in the stores.
We take pride in our releases and do monitor various outlets
where our work can be acquired.
