
1REAL PRESENTS

Astral Projection - BNE Special on 102FM 23-11

ENCODER..: LAME 3.96 GRABBER..: WaveLab 5.0
SOURCE...: Live Session QUALITY..: VBRkbps/44.1kHz
TRACKS...: 01 GENRE....: Psychedelic
RIPPER...: 1REAL TEAM YEAR.....: 2006
RIP DATE.: 24.11.2006 LABEL....: none

RELEASE NOTES

Astral Projection have recently moved a record label to BNE
Records (www.bne.co.il) and soon about to release some new
material.

Enjoy
Team 1REAL

Astral Projection (Avi Nissim & Lior Perlmutter) is
considered to be
one of the most important psytrance bands of the 90's
worldwide.
Astral Projection's albums were released worldwide in the
UK, Germany, France, Scandinavia, Greece, Japan and Asia.
The group has gained great support and exposure from record
companies, global media (including TV ads), and the world's
best DJ's. Paul Oakenfold and Danny Rampling play them
regularly in their sets and on their popular radio shows on
British Radio 1, THE radio station in the UK.

Astral Projection has flown across the globe to appear in
major festivals hosting thousands. They've been to Hyper
State in Denmark and Norway, sharing the stage with the
renowned Run D.M.C., Antiloop and others. They performed at
the 1999 Love Parade in Berlin & at the Arvika Festival 2000
in Sweden. They have appeared in over 50 countries including
the US, Canada, Mexico and Japan and throughout Europe in
Bulgaria, Croatia, Denmark, Estonia, France, Germany,
Greece, Hungary, The Netherlands, Norway, Russia, Spain
(Ibiza- the Amnesia Club), Sweden, Switzerland, the UK -
with a gig in Cream), and Yugoslavia! Their albums are well
reviewed over the Internet with sites like MTV America
(amp@mtv.co) playing their video clips and tunes.

So far, they have released 5 video clips with the mega-hits
"People Can Fly" and "Dancing Galaxy". These clips have had
tremendous exposure on MTV Europe, Germany's Viva TV, the
French Channel + and M6, the popular British Channel 4 and
The Box and most recently on MTV America.
In 1998, Astral Projection was invited to play at the
opening night of "The Israeli Season in France", the gala
event celebrating Israel's 50th anniversary, hosted by the
French Minister of Culture and the Israeli Ambassador,
illustrating the cultural importance of such a band. In
Yugoslavia, the Israeli Ambassador was photographed and
interviewed with Lior Perlmutter (half the band) for the
Yugoslavian media. The ARTE TV channel recorded a one hour
show about global trance featuring Astral Projection in
Israel! A large portion of the show was dedicated to the
band.

Astral Projection has now joined BNE/YoYo as their new
label. Their upcoming albums will present a fresh new sound
concept, showing why they are considered undeniably as one
of the world's most innovative and successful acts.

TRACKS

01. astral projection - bne special on 102fm : 57:09
23-11-2006
-----
TOTAL TIME : 57:09
TOTAL SIZE : 75,8 M

GROUP NOTES

1REAL /1-REE-ILL/ n. 1 a group dedicated to bringing you
the best in electronic live performances. cd's. vinyls.

It's been a long time since we've updated this part of
the nfo, probably because we dont have much to say here.
We still don't. We probably never will. Our goals are
still there, as are we, and all of our members.
Our standards haven't dropped, they're higher than ever.

ABOUT
&
CONTACT

1REAL might be looking for new members, you never know.

Got something interesting to say? toounreal@punkass.com

If you feel you have something to contribute, and want to
be part of an open-minded, electronic focused group with
plenty tall blonde swedish girls, come and find us.

- TEAM 1REAL

ps. 1REAL - The *1* and only, , with 1 goal, providing
you with quality electronic beats.

ps2. It's spring cleaning time at 1REAL.

ascii
by
last roe^cro
update:
[30-06-2005]