Deja Vu (2006) - converted to mp4 - perfect for playback on PS3. Just create a folder called VIDEO on your HDD, USB stick etc. and place the mp4 file in there. 

Can also played on VLC or Windows Media Player with the right codecs. 

Video Stream - H.264, 3072kbps, 752x304, 23.976fps 

Audio Stream - 165kbps, AAC LC 

After an explosion on a ferry kills over 500 people including a large group of party-going sailors, an ATF agent (Denzel Washington) investigates the crime. AN FBI agent (Val Kilmer) also joins the investigation. Impressed with the ATF agent's skills, the FBI agent invites him to join a new team that has a new program that uses satellite technology to look backwards in time for 4-1/2 days to try to capture the terrorist (Jim Cavaziel). Meanwhile a young woman (Paula Patton) who was burned washes up on shore. Meant to look like part of of the explosion, the body arrives at its location too soon, which leads the agents to believe her death is related to the explosion. As they use the new technology to study the woman, the ATF agent determines that this is not satellite imagery but somehow is using a time warp. From this point in the film, the movie moves from a crime film to a sci-fi time paradox film. Nonetheless, the action is non-stop and always captivating. The end of the film may be confusing to some people, but it is all laid out if one cares to look carefully. Contains some extreme violence that some may find disturbing, particularly during the explosion when many people are shown jumping off the boat in flames.

Denzel Washington ...  Doug Carlin 

Paula Patton ...  Claire Kuchever 

Val Kilmer ...  Agent Pryzwarra 

James Caviezel ...  Carroll Oerstadt (as Jim Caviezel) 

Adam Goldberg ...  Denny 

Elden Henson ...  Gunnars 

Erika Alexander ...  Shanti 

Bruce Greenwood ...  Jack McCready 

Rich Hutchman ...  Agent Stalhuth 

Matt Craven ...  Minuti 

Donna W. Scott ...  Beth (as Donna Scott) 

Elle Fanning ...  Abbey 

Brian Howe ...  Medical Examiner 

Enrique Castillo ...  Claire's Father 

Mark Phinney ...  Agent Donnelly 
