RAR: Cheap Trick - Standing on the Edge [1985] 320kbps;

01 Cheap Trick [Standing on the Edge] Little Sister-ab.mp3
02 Cheap Trick [Standing on the Edge] Tonight It's You-ab.mp3
03 Cheap Trick [Standing on the Edge] She's Got Motion-ab.mp3
04 Cheap Trick [Standing on the Edge] Love Comes-ab.mp3
05 Cheap Trick [Standing on the Edge] How About You-ab.mp3
06 Cheap Trick [Standing on the Edge] Standing on the Edge-ab.mp3
07 Cheap Trick [Standing on the Edge] This Time Around-ab.mp3
08 Cheap Trick [Standing on the Edge] Rock All Night-ab.mp3
09 Cheap Trick [Standing on the Edge] Cover Girl-ab.mp3
10 Cheap Trick [Standing on the Edge] Wild Wild Women-ab.mp3
11 Cheap Trick - Standing on the Edge [1985].jpg

This is an album that needs to be taken into context, with respect to the state of the band in 1985, the state of the music industry in 1985, and the common expectations of a Cheap Trick fan in 2005 raised on the early Budokan and "Surrender" type work, or for that matter any person today. 

Twenty years ago Cheap Trick were in the midst of a nearly-crushing commecial slump that had been haunting them for five years, during which bassist Tom Petersson had left the band and had been replaced by Jon Brant. It was difficult to compete with the fast paced changes in popular music culture, especially when they were beginning to be seen (unfortunately and incorrectly) as a band of the past. Because of this, Standing On The Edge slipped through the cracks, allowing some really fine moments to go almost completely unnoticed, with the better known (and outstanding) track "Tonight It's You" as the only real exception. 

Several songs come to mind, such as the bluesy and dancable "How About You," a tight song of perfect length, clocking in at just under three minutes. Although some criticize the use of synthesizers in this album, the synthesizers enhance rather than impede this track. There is also "This Time Around," a fresh and uplifting song which contains some of Rick Nielsen's most gorgeous guitar work. "Cover Girl" is also attractive as a fast-paced song with nice vocals by Robin Zander. 

The fact that "Love Comes" never became widely known is a real tragedy. The 30 second sample on this page does not do it justice - it is one of the most inspired and outstandingly sincere songs ever written by the band (and for those who have heard the hired songwriter rumor, that person [M. Radice] is not a credited participator on this track as he is on the others). It is hard for me to deny while listening to it that it possibly could have made the top 10 if it had been promoted more as a single. 

A few of the tracks are likely to come accross as flawed on the first listen (the reason I give a 4 instead of 5) - mainly the synthesizers in "This Time Around" and the title track, and the gratuitous effects (vocal and other) in "She's Got Motion," "Little Sister," "Rock All Night," and "Wild Wild Women" employed (often inappropriately) to reinforce the strong sexual themes of these songs (which may be a turn-off for some). 

Despite these details, ALL of the tracks have great moments, and they all can be enjoyed, and very much so. The thing to keep in mind is that this is not an album that can be appreciated easily for most people the first time listening to it. One must hear it several times over a long period to let it ripen. Some of the songs (less so the ones mentioned in the fifth paragraph) have a very comforting kind of style and feel, a kind of peace and calm that is even reflected in the attractive cover art, but to enjoy all the tracks an unusual approach is needed based on the unusual circumstances that make this album exactly what it is.