http://store.lawbooks.com/81064.html

Multistate Bar Review Audio CD Set is crammed with 35 hours of CD audio lectures on the primary legal topics of Contracts, Property, Evidence, Constitutional Law, Torts, and Criminal Law.

This set is comprehensive in its coverage of Multistate Bar Exam topics, designed to prepare you for the intellectual rigors of the bar exam so that you enter the test taking room with the utmost confidence. And the CD audio format is incredibly popular with individuals who value the convenience it offers: by popping in a audio CD you can study while driving, running, biking or while you participate in other activities, and you can always stop and re-listen to topics whenever you wish!

Contracts (7 CDs; 9 hours)
Property (4 CDs; 6 hours)
Evidence (5 CDs; 6 hours)
Constitutional Law (5 CDs; 6 hours)
Torts (4 CDs; 5 hours)
Criminal Law (3 CDs; 3 hours)

Topics covered include:

Contracts: 6 Basic Contracts Issues; Offer; Acceptance; Mistake; Ambiguity; Parol Evidence Rule; Consideration; Defenses to Formation; Third Party Beneficiaries; Assignment/Delegation; Conditions & Excuse; Anticipatory Repudiation and Voluntary Disablement; Adequate Assurances of Performance; Discharge of Duty; Impossibility; Impracticability; Frustration of Purpose; Remedies for Breach; UCC Art. 2 Provisions and Remedies.

Property: Freehold Estates; Future Interests; Rule Against Perpetuities; Concurrent Estates; Landlord-Tenant/Non-Freehold Estates; Fixtures; Non-Possessory Interests; Easements; Adverse Possession; Subjacent/Lateral Support; Water Rights; Crops; Conveyancing; Deeds; Equitable Conversion; Marketable Title; Estoppel by Deed, Recording Statutes; Mortgages.

Evidence: Judicial Notice; Burdens/Presumptions; Relevancy; Character Evidence; Relevancy-FRE 407-411; Privilege; Witness Competency; Impeachment; Presentation of Evidence; Opinion; Hearsay and Exceptions; Authentication; Best Evidence Rule.

Constitutional Law: Federal Judicial Review; Standing; Ripeness; Mootness; Political Questions; 11th Amendment; Abstention; Separation of Powers; Federal Legislative Power; Commerce Power; 10th Amendment; Taxing/Spending Power; Federal Executive Power; Interbranch Checks/Balances; Federalism; Immunities; Dormant Commerce Clause; State Taxation of Interstate Commerce; Supremacy Clause; Protection of Individual Rights; Bill of Rights; Retroactive legislation; Bill of Attainder; Due Process; Right to Privacy, Travel, Vote; Equal Protection/Standards of Review; Strict Scrutiny; Rational Basis Test; First Amendment; Freedom of Religion; Free Exercise Clause; Regulation of Speech Content; Freedom of Association; Defamation; Freedom of the Press; Commercial Speech.

Torts: Intentional Torts and Defenses; Negligence; Strict Liability; Nuisance; Misrepresentation/Defamation; Invasion of Right to Privacy; Misuse of Legal Procedure; Economic Relations.

Criminal Law: Classification of Crimes; Elements of Crimes; Defenses; Inchoate Crimes; Parties to Crimes; Crimes against the Person; Crimes against Property; Crimes against the Dwelling.