Ludicrous and outrageous, fantastic and maniacally entertaining. Such is Chang Cheh's ultimate depiction of dysfunctional kung fu masters overcoming their faults to win the day, one bloody corpse at a time. Crippled Avengers sees Venoms stars Lu Feng, Phillip Kwok, Lo Meng, Chiang Sheng, and Sun Chien at their acrobatic and elaborately-choreographed best as they are each stricken with a crippling malady, compensate with kung fu training and gadgetry, and carry on the fight for what all kung fu fighters want, a little respect.

Less than ten minutes into Crippled Avengers, there should be no confusion as to what's in store in this camp fest. Three swordsmen bust into the home of martial arts master Dao Tian-du (Chen Kuan-tai), cutting down servants before chopping off the legs of his wife and the arms of his young son. Tian-du arrives to kill them off and rescue his surprisingly calm son while the wife dies (and Chang Cheh happily does away with the film's only female character). As a young adult, Dao Chang (Lu Feng) has been trained in kung fu and given iron arms with hidden projectiles to replace his real arms. Embittered, father and son become the scourge of the town, killing or maiming anyone who so much as looks at Chang funny. Falling victim to their hatred is salesman Chen Shuen (Phillip Kwok) who is blinded, blacksmith Wei Jia-jie (Lo Meng) who is rendered deaf and dumb, a careless Sun Chien who has his legs chopped off, and finally righteous swordsman Wang Yi (Chiang Sheng) who tries to avenge them all but only has his head put in a vice and becomes mentally retarded. Unable to make a living, they all make their way to Wang Yi's master who agrees to train them in kung fu in order to get revenge.

Crippled Avengers follows The Five Venoms, a film that essentially made the "Venoms" crew famous among the grindhouse theater-going populace worldwide. That film not only established a new generation of kung fu stars for director Chang Cheh, but also cemented Chang's increasingly campy violence and art direction. The Venoms films became synonymous for excessive bloodletting, flamboyant costumes, and a brotherhood of sweaty, bare-chested heroics and male bonding among their charismatic and physically talented stars. Crippled Avengers is a picture perfect example of this unique cinematic phenomenon, made all the better by the crippled martial arts fighter angle, a trend that began in Japan's chambara genre, particularly with Shintaro Katsu's Zatoichi series that featured a blind swordsman. Chang was heavily influenced by chambara early in his career and that led to the creation of the One-Armed Swordsman (1967). Although it also takes place in the "martial world" which is usually associated with wuxia pien or swordplay films, Crippled Avengers is Chang's one-armed swordsman placed into the open-hand kung fu genre.

The revenge plot and simplistic motivations of the heroes are classic kung fu staples meant only to provide a platform for a series of wild action sequences. As luck would have it, Chang always had a knack for spotting screen-fighting talent and the Venoms and their costars deliver it in spades here. In the center ring are the acrobatic abilities of primarily Phillip Kwok, Lu Feng and Chiang Sheng who deliver some excellent sparring mixed with highly impractical, but challenging and entertaining maneuvers performed live and without trick editing. A highlight are the iron rings Chiang Sheng uses first to spar with Kwok and later to fight in tandem with Lu. Lo Meng is right behind with some excellent kung fu action, but he gets the most points for being the best dressed, macked out in a chest-baring gold vest and matching reflective armbands and gold medallion around the neck. Sun Chien gets the best kung fu attack. As a Tae Kwon Do expert, it's fitting he gets fitted with iron legs and feet. He becomes the crippled avengers' secret weapon as his kicks mean almost certain death for anyone unlucky enough to receive a blow from them.

No matter how serious you may take your classic kung fu, much of this film is still laughable, thankfully in a good way. The best scene may be where the boy loses his arms and calmly listens to his father yak on about making iron arms and training him for revenge. The kid should be in shock and near death as blood drains from his stumps, but realism is not a high priority for Chang Cheh. Another hoot is how Chen Kuan-tai's "posse" of uniformed thugs enter every room before him and arrange themselves in neat rows with swords drawn. To combat the crippled avengers, the baddies set up an elaborate array of drums and hanging mirrors to distract their blind and deaf foes. This hardly works at all though as they're soon knocked over, punctured or broken.

Crippled Avengers is a terrific example of Chang Cheh and Shaw Brothers in all of their glorious, campy and politically incorrect glory. Chances are viewers will either love it or hate it. For straight kung fu action, there are better films. But for a mix of great action, outrageous nonsense and memorable performances, Crippled Avengers is a kung fu cult masterpiece.