Asia is an arena rock/progressive rock group. It was formed in 1981 as a supergroup, with former members of Yes, King Crimson, Emerson Lake and Palmer, and The Buggles.

Asia began with the apparent demise of Yes and Emerson, Lake & Palmer, the two flagship bands of British progressive rock. After the break-up of King Crimson in 1974, various plans for a supergroup involving bassist John Wetton had been mooted, including the abortive British Bulldog project with Bill Bruford and Rick Wakeman in 1976. In 1977, Bruford and Wetton were reunited in UK, along with guitarist Allan Holdsworth and keyboardist/violinist Eddie Jobson. Their eponymous debut was released in 1978. By 1980, after UK's demise and Wetton's departure from UK, a new supergroup project was suggested involving Wetton, Wakeman, drummer Carl Palmer and (then little known) guitarist Trevor Rabin, but Wakeman walked out of the project shortly before they were due to sign to Geffen and before they had ever played together. In 1981, Wetton and guitarist Steve Howe were brought together by A&R man John Kalodner and Geffen Records to start working and writing, Howe having come out of the break-up of Yes in early 1981.

The 18-track Asia best-of compilation, 2000's THE VERY BEST OF ASIA, expands the track listing of their earlier collection, 1990's shorter THEN AND NOW. Only the best tracks from Asia's years on Geffen are spotlighted, such as the pop/prog warhorses "Heat of the Moment," "Only Time Will Tell," "Don't Cry," "Go," "Voice of America," and "Heat Goes On." Compared to Asia's other collections (1990's THEN AND NOW, 1999's ANTHOLOGY), THE VERY BEST OF ASIA is the best of the bunch, as it also features much clearer sonics than the earlier collections. For fans of prog-rock with pop leanings, THE VERY BEST OF ASIA is definitely recommended. 24Bit Remastered from the original tapes. Features all the monster hits: 'The Heat Of The Moment,' 'Only Time Will Tell' & 'Don't Cry.' Also features the rare b-sides 'Ride Easy,' 'Daylight' & 'Lying To Yourself' on CD for the first time.



Track Listing 

  1. Heat Of The Moment 
  2. Only Time Will Tell 
  3. Sole Survivor 
  4. Time Again 
  5. Wildest Dreams 
  6. Here Comes The Feeling 
  7. Don't Cry 
  8. Daylight 
  9. Smile Has Left Your Eyes, The 
  10. Lying To Yourself 
  11. Heat Goes On, The 
  12. Never In A Million Years 
  13. Open Your Eyes 
  14. Go 
  15. Voice Of America 
  16. Too Late 
  17. Days Like These 
  18. Ride Easy 

Enjoy! and please seed..
Ekolb