Suburbia (1984)

IMDB Link:
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0086589/

No shit.  Suburbia.  The rarest of the rare. 

Yes, this is the movie that features a VERY young "Flea" from "The Red Hot Chili Peppers" as a main character.

This is one of those movies that just about anyone who was a kid in the 80's has seen, and yet for some reason, it's almost impossible to get a copy of it these days, EVEN ON VHS.

If you are/were into the skinhead scene (anti-racist, trad, even white power) or punk scene, then you've either:

1.  Seen this movie several times...
2.  Heard ABOUT this movie, but could never find it.

What? You've never seen a rip of this movie before? No shit you say?  

This is why:

This was the most difficult movie I've ever done.

Starting off right from the dvd, even the rip was a bitch.  This is the only dvd I've ever seen that was STRUCTURE PROTECTED to this extent.  I had to insert NOP garbage data into multiple banks to make the .vobs EVEN PLAYABLE.

Encoding was another story...I had to change to a harsh resizer, then to a soft RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF THE JOB...and even then, the resolution had to be set at the fucking alien and seldom seen aspect of 640x496 = 1.19:1

Even the .ifo stream could not be followed...advertisments and FBI warnings had to be cut out...the streams were crossed and mutilated (ex: Fifth Element DVD).  I am STILL not certain if this even WAS a copy protection scheme or some MORON put together the dvd.  It was a real dvd, not a bootleg, and yet I am not certain if the mutilation of the disk was intentional or not...WHY so much trouble for such an old movie?

This was either copy protection at its worst, or the 7th fucked up version of this movie on dvd I have had.  I've tried to rip and encode this for over a year now...what finally made it possible was, believe it or not, HARDWARE.  The Plextor PX-716UF and ONLY with firmware 105..104 did not work!  How fucking insane!

Even if you hate the movie...download it anyway...if for no other reason, to prove that:

Given an infinite amount of time, a chimpanzee can compose the complete works of Shakespeare.

;)

Encoded by: sickboy88
Codec: XviD 1.1.0
Bitrate: 881 kb/s AVG
Aspect: 640x496 = 1.19:1 (Weird yes, but required)
Audio: English, 128 VBR Stereo @ 48K Hz
Subtitles: None
Runtime: 01:35:06

-----

If you are going to watch this, you'll want to install the NEW XviD codec:

http://www.koepi.org/XviD-1.1.0-Beta1-16012005.exe

For top quality, make sure you use the XviD decoder configerator, and turn on
(Y) and (UV) deblocking, and the new feature of XviD 1.1.0 (Y) and (UV) DERINGING.

If you have a slow computer, turn it off. I don't want another stupid motherfucker telling me that my movies are out of sync because they are totally computer illiterate.