Hello All! Here we are yet again and I am late. Well, better late than never I suppose. Here are eight more broadcasts for you all to enjoy! Please seed and share as much as you can my friends. Thanks in advance to all you seeders. See you all on the flip side. Later! Stokeman Out....

Friday December 7th, 2007
Glowing Disc & Secret Space Program
Investigative reporter Linda Moulton Howe joined George for the first half of the program. She provided an update on her 11/29/07 report on a 'glowing disc' encounter in New Mexico in 1974. According to Linda, an additional eyewitness has come forward...
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Linda Moulton Howe, Open Lines, Richard C. Hoagland

Saturday December 8th, 2007
Dean Koontz Interview
Ian was joined by best-selling author Dean Koontz, who discussed his childhood, the themes and characters in his writings, as well as his most recent book, The Darkest Evening of the Year. Omaha Mall Shooting In the first hour, Dr. Ann Blake Tracy... 
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): Dean Koontz, Ann Blake Tracy, Charles Ostman

Sunday December 9th, 2007
Astrological Forecast: Money
Novelist and economic astrologer Robert Gover shared his astrological forecasts for finances and the stock market. Certain astrological patterns, such as the positioning of particular planets, can trigger stock market crashes, he said. By mid-2008,... 
Host: Rollye James
Guest(s): Robert Gover

Monday December 10th, 2007
Oil Secrets
Minister Lindsey Williams shared suppressed knowledge regarding oil companies and their supplies that he said he learned of as a chaplain to Alaskan oil pipeline workers in the 1970s. During this time, he was invited to join a meeting of the top oil...
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Lindsey Williams, Peter Davenport, John Longenecker

Tuesday December 11th, 2007
Intelligence & the Universe
Appearing during the middle two hours, astrophysicist and author Bernard Haisch discussed his theory, supported by recent astrophysical findings, that the universe has an intelligence behind it. If a number of factors in the cosmos were just a percentage... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Bernard Haisch, Dannion Brinkley

Wednesday December 12th, 2007
Influence of the Druids
Appearing during the first three hours, alternative historian Michael Tsarion discussed his latest work on the Irish origins of civilization including the influence of the Druids on language and religion. He talked about how the ancient peoples of Ireland... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Michael Tsarion

Thursday December 13th, 2007
Psychic Trilogy
Three psychics/intuitives shared their perceptions, methods, and forecasts in separate segments. First up was psychic medium Tana Hoy, who described being able to see spirit guides and guardian angels, and convey messages from them. Guides have lived... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Tana Hoy, Dr. Louis Turi, Jeffrey Wands, Marianne Szymanski

Friday December 14th, 2007
Open Lines with Ian
A special evening of Open Lines hosted by Ian Punnett featured a wide variety of calls. One of the most fascinating was from "Archer" who discussed the "old North Pole," which he said was originally located in Finland. At this location was the burial... 
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): Open Lines, Michelle Whitedove