All Super Eurobeat albums that exists to this day. Collected from all over the
world for a 5 years period of time. It has taken alot of time to collect and
rename the mp3s correctly. Most had broken filenames (and no id3 tags) in the
begining of my collecting.

Eurobeat has evolved from Italo Disco and it sounds similar to Eurodance,
but faster and if possible happier with really crazy songtexts. In short.
For a good eurobeat history page see: http://www.eurobeat-prime.com/history.php

Avex Trax that owns the copyright for these albums are NOT interested to
market eurobeat outside japan. Like most record companys they dont get that
people will be able to buy mp3s online (not DRM wma!). Eurobeat is mostly
unheard of outside japan. You can only buy eurobeat inside japan (however
some online shops ships to the whole world, but its VERY expensive). It
probably wouldnt work to market eurobeat in USA aka Rap/Hiphop land but I
belive it would work in Europe.

Probably will this release limit the possibility for me to trade albums with
other pople :( The very few that happend to have something that I dont. On
the other hand, I help to spread eurobeat to the world and makes alot of people
happy, which is good :) Enjoy!

My eurobeat page: http://www.eurobeat.se/
If you have a album that I dont, then please contact me.

Seeded from 1 Gbit/s. However, due to the size I can not promise to seed
this torrent forever. And I wont make a new if there is no seeds. So please
seed after your download.

Some of you will not be able to connect directly to the seeding computer, in
this case, its normal. You will get your data from other torrent peers instead,
that can connect directly to it. Most of you wouldnt understand if I try to
explain why it is like this, so I dont.

PS. It was splitted into four torrents because TPB doesnt accept more than
    1 MB torrents (or slightly less?). I dont have time to wait for it to 
    be fixed so I gave up and did the split.

// jenka, 2005-10-02.
