FLAC files + CUE sheet + covers
Released in April 1, 2006.



Track Listing:
1. Promised Land (Extended Version)
2. Paradise Regained
3. Pearl
4. Promised Land (Club Mix)
5. Wintermoon (Samsas Traum Remix)
6. Diamond
7. Emergency (Blind Faith & Envy Version)
8. Paradise Regained (Patenbrigade:Wolff:Remix)
9. Promised Land (Blutengel Remix)
10. Samael (Lucas Boysen Mix)


Review from Release Magazine:
Well they are back, the merry members of In Strict Confidence and with their newest, I think some of their fans are going to be scratching their heads a bit.
Dennis Ostermann and his gang have opted to ever so slightly change their sound and allow Antje Schultz more time in the vocal booth. This is the first time that a emale vocalist has been given such prominence on one of their singles, the lead song, no less.
Some will of course moan In Strict Confidence have gone the Delerium route. This could not be further from the truth. Think about being this many albums, singles and EP:s into your career as a band. Many of ISC's harshest critics often cite that their songs all start to sound the same after a while. Perhaps this criticism reached them; you could hear the last of their newer approach being utilized to it's full potential on the "Seven Lives" EP released a while back.
Clearly, something had to give. And it has. "Promised Land", the first new track abandons the sound of old. Changing up the rhythmic approach and even Ostermann's vocals for a brighter more organic feel. Why, even some of the instruments used on this track sound... unprocessed. Antje makes the chorus shimmer as usual but it is the music itself which has me feeling somewhat unsatisfied. "Paradise Regained" is more along the lines of what you've heard from them before, but even it has somehow been altered.
Of the remixes, the club mix of "Promised Land" delivered via Olaf Wollschläger (who no doubt will be involved in the mixing of their new album "Exile Paradise") does the business as does Lucas Boysen's take on another album track "Samael". Blutengel need to stop, period. This isn't funny anymore. It's pityful. We are also given another version of "Emergency" which, of course, features Antje on lead vocals.
It is apparent to me ISC have decided to concentrate on manipulating their actual sound. Quite prescient.


Enjoy!

