HÜSKER DÜ - ( HUSKER DU ) - Everything Falls Apart And More.


Contains the 1982 album EVERYTHING FALLS APART plus bonus tracks. Husker Du: Bob Mould (vocals, guitar); Grant Hart (vocals, drums); Greg Norton (bass); Producers: Husker Du, Spot, Colin Mansfield. Reissue producers: Husker Du, Doug Myren. Engineers include: Spot, Steve Fjelstad, Matt Zimmerman. This 1993 reissue contains the Huskers' first full-length studio recording EVERYTHING FALLS APART along with various odds and ends from the same era. These include the anthemic In a Free Land single, an unreleased demo of Do You Remember (the title is the English translation of the Swedish term husker du), and an extended version of the choppy, Gang-of-Four-ish Statues single. On sonic blasts like Wheels, Afraid of Being Wrong (featuring a chorus of You're a freak/you're a freak) and the martial-sounding opener From the Gut, the band is still in a hardcore punk mode. These tracks, which feature vocals that are more often shouted then sung, barrel forward on pure energy and end abruptly after two minutes or less. But while mostly a caustic batch of musical mayhem, EVERYTHING FALLS APART shows clear indications that the group was veering, albeit slowly, in the direction of accessible pop music. On the title track and other songs, Mould's ringing chords add a melodic element missing in much of the band's early work. In the record's lightest moment--relatively speaking of course--the band turns in a furious version of Donovan's Sunshine Superman, the first of their many interesting covers. 

songs:

 01: From The Gut
 02: Blah, Blah, Blah
 03: Punch Drunk
 04: Bricklayer
 05: Afraid Of Being Wrong
 06: Sunshine Superman
 07: Signals From Above
 08: Everything Falls Apart
 09: Wheels
 10: Target  
 11: Obnoxious
 12: Gravity
 13: In A Free Land (remix)
 14: What Do I Want? (remix)
 15: M.I.C. (remix)
 16: Statues (extended version, previously unreleased)
 17: Let's Go Die (outtake, previously unreleased)
 18: Amusement
 19: Do You Remember? (demo, previously unreleased) 

 inkl coversZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ