Gimme Some Truth: Full DVD
Type: DVD 5: Process under DVD decrypter - no more no less
Genre: Music / Documentary 
Runningtime : 63 min
Picture: 4.3
Sound: Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound and Stereo
Subs: Eng
Extras: - Album dicography, whith audio samples - Chapter selection -  John and Yoko interview
Release Date: April 11, 2000

Chapters:
1. Imagine
2. Crippled Inside
3. Oh Yoko!
4. Jealous Guy
5. It's So Hard
6. I Don't Wanna Be A Soldier Mama
7. Gimme Some Truth
8. Oh My Love
9. How Do You Sleep?
10. How?
11. Imagine
12. Film Credits

From the web:
An instant classic when released in September 1971, John Lennon's Imagine was the ex-Beatle's solo masterpiece, and its musical legacy is matched here by priceless footage of Lennon's creative process, independently edited from original 16-millimeter footage by producer-director Andrew Solt with the hands-off approval of Lennon's widow, Yoko Ono. Incorporating footage from John and Yoko's original film Imagine (clips of which were previously included in the 1988 documentary Imagine: John Lennon), Gimme Some Truth presents Lennon, Ono, coproducer Phil Spector, and a host of gifted musicians in a fluid context of conflict, community, and craftsmanship. Bearing witness to every stage of the recording process, this 63-minute documentary succeeds as a visual diary, a study of familiar music in its infancy, and a revealing portrait of the then-30-year-old Lennon--from witty clown to confrontational perfectionist--at the peak of his post-Fab Four inspiration.

The film's horizons expand with a casual montage of Lennon's celebrity lifestyle, including New York party footage (by film theorist Jonas Mekas) featuring such guests as Miles Davis, Andy Warhol, and Jack Nicholson. Excerpts of a 1971 BBC interview reveal John and Yoko at their most thoughtful, discussing socio-sexual issues that remain compellingly relevant (and the entire 35-minute interview is included on the DVD edition). But the true value of Gimme Some Truth remains in the creation of music at the Lennons' estate at Tittenhurst Park, Ascot, England. The ballad Imagine is followed from rawness to completion, and the track-by-track progress is highlighted by Jealous Guy (after which Lennon playfully compliments Spector's studio wizardry), and especially Gimme Some Truth, which alternates between full mix and isolated vocal track. With George Harrison on guitar, Lennon freely admits that How Do You Sleep? is a deliberately nasty criticism of Paul McCartney, but this remarkable film never dwells on negatives. A precious record of John Lennon's time on earth, Gimme Some Truth is as honest as it is entertaining. And while purists may object to the DVD's remastered sound--which was carefully remixed for Dolby Digital 5.1-channel stereo at Abbey Road studios--few would deny that this film is an important and illuminating document that any John Lennon fan will cherish

http://us.imdb.com/title/tt0243925/

Hoppas det skall smaka. Beria