Natures Numbers By Ian Stewart
Read by Ian Stewart
Bitrate: 24kBit/s
Type: mp3


Book Description
----------------
"It appears to us that the universe is structured in a deeply mathematical way. Falling bodies fall with predictable accelerations. Eclipses can be accurately forecast centuries in advance. Nuclear power plants generate electricity according to well-known formulas. But those examples are the tip of the iceberg. In Nature's Numbers, Ian Stewart presents many more, each charming in its own way.. Stewart admirably captures compelling and accessible mathematical ideas along with the pleasure of thinking of them. He writes with clarity and precision. Those who enjoy this sort of thing will love this book." - Los Angeles Times

A mathematician with his head on straight, 
------------------------------------------
Nature's Numbers is a valuable resource and, I think, a new doorway of scientific philosophy. (I think some reviewers didn't like this because they expected more, but as I said, its a doorway to a field, and by no means a complete study in itself) From the very beginning, it is promised to the reader that a new pair of glasses, a mathematicians, will be provided to look at your life in the universe a bit differently. Ian Stewart attempts to grasp the mathematical hypostasis of the natural macrocosm. Objectively, simplicity still likely underlies all external phenomena, however a outward branching tree of complexity translates this core into our manifested world, appearing fairly simple again as the laws which govern the cosmos. However, in Stewart's universe, mere laws and equations do not suffice. He strives for a new field of mathematics that is intertwined with natural science. It is obvious, as he shows from the science of flowers, dripping water, etc., that math determines the observed phenomena of science. Even in apparently haphazard systems, the source remains as deterministic principles by nonlinear dynamics. (This is what you should know as chaos theory) And the shibboleth of "the butterfly effect" is an epitome of the need to comprehend the governing mathematics of systems. Take biological adaption and evolution for example. Some biologists believe that DNA and genetics is the sole shaper of organisms. This does not appear to be fully adequate alone, because then we would in turn need to explain why biology followed symmetries and patterns. But as he notes on pp. 137 "Maybe evolution started with the mathematical patterns that occurred naturally, and fine-tuned them by natural selection." By opening our horizons of our attempts to comprehend the universe fully in our quest for absolute knowledge of nature's numbers, the final sentence in Stewarts work admirably states the scientist's philosophy with the same type of mere simplicity that Mother Nature holds at her core, "We may never get there. But it will be fun trying." Gotta love that.


902K 00 Prologue - The 'Virtual Unreality Machine'.mp3
2.5M 01 The Natural Order.mp3
3.1M 02 What Mathematics is For.mp3
3.2M 03 What Mathematics is About.mp3
3.4M 04 From Violins to Videos.mp3
4.3M 05 Broken Symmetry.mp3
2.7M 06 The Rhythm of Life.mp3
4.5M 07 Do Dice Play God-.mp3
3.4M 08 Dynamics and Daisies-.mp3
1.5M 09 Epilogue - 'Morphomatics'.mp3