JASON AND THE ARGONAUTS

YEAR: 1963

RUNING TIME: 66 min.

COUNTRY: UK/USA

DIRECTED BY: Don Chaffey.

WRITING CREDIT: Raymond Bowers, Jan Read, Beverley Cross

MUSIC: Bernard Herrmann. 

CINEMATOGRAPHY: Wilkie Cooper.

CAST: Todd Armstrong, Nancy Kovack, Gary Raymond, Michael Gwynn, Laurence Naismith, Niall MacGinnis, Douglas Wilmer, Honor Blackman, Patrick 
Troughton, Nigel Green

IMDB: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0057197/

SINOPSIS:Jason has prophesied to leave the throne to Tesalia. Because Pelias says to him that it travels to Colchis, and it follows his advice 
sailing during many days with the Argonautas until Greece. But in his trip one will face bronze giants and all series of monsters, although they 
they had the protection of Hera, reigns of the Gods.

Comments: 

Of the mythos to the logo, the explosion of the rational thought

Mitológico story about Jason, the expedition of the Argonautas and Medea is an interesting film version on the well-known. It films 
really entertained, with a rate very adapted and rolled with masters, special effects and animations that in their day were does not go more and than today 
they produce one (pleasant) sensation of nostalgic simplicity. Most interesting of this film it is the approach that has given its director him: a vision enough 
filológica of the classic Greek thought, the base of the western civilization.
                                    
                                                           
                                                            ----------------OOOOOOOOOOOOO------------------

Mythology

An excellent adventure that tells to the history of Jason and argonautas us, in its passage to obtain the vellocino of gold.

A great production and direction that that maintains to the film at a level difficult to maintain and many of the present productions do not obtain. In 
addition it counts on a good music and a splendid photography and scenes. And to finish special effects, that without computers or discharge technology, are 
of one extraordinary quality.

DATA OF THE DVD

AUDIO (CODEC): 1.0 Mono

FORMAT (PAL O NTSC): Pal

LANGUAGES: English, German, Italian, French Spanish.


SUBS: French, Portuguese, Dutch, Norwegian, English, Swedish, Finnish, Danish, Polish, Czech, Hungarian, Hindu, Turkish, Arab, Icelandic, Greek, German, 
Hebrew, Spanish, Italian

IMAGE:  Widescreen 1.85:1

EXTRAS: Interactive menus, Direct access to scenes, Trailer of cinema, Filmographíes, Documentary

RIPP METOD

FORMATO: DVD9

COMPRESION: Without Compression

Note: New opportunity to download this classic one for which they did not do it in his day. In the previous upload it eliminates all the languages less 
Spanish and English(as much the audio one as the subtitles) and in this occasion I have maintained everything to it. I have eliminated documentary chronicles 
of Harryhausen, (that unfailingly it repeats in all the films of Harryhausen). I have proven to compress it and although I believe that the result is quite 
good (reduction level 88%), since original film does not have good quality and in some passages it is appraised much granulated, I have decided to raise it 
without compressing, since once eliminated documentary, the DVD does not arrive at 5GB, so that everyone does it to its taste, since eliminating the other 
languages, it is almost to the 100% of quality. It includes cover.

RIPPED .... BY SODAPOP


