Anatomist Gunther von Hagens and pathologist John Lee begin a series of
anatomy classes, including a human dissection filmed before an invited
audience.

Part 1/4 - Lesson 1: Movement

This first programme investigates movement. Dr von Hagens 
dissects a man he knew, removing the skin in a single piece to enable 
a demonstration of muscle movement. Then the skull is opened and the 
spinal cord and sciatic nerve removed in a single piece.

Part 2/4 - Lesson 2: Circulation


Anatomist Dr Gunther von Hagens and pathologist Professor John Lee continue
their exploration of the human body. Respiration and circulation are the subjects
of this programme's dissection as von Hagens demonstrates the inflation and deflation
of the lungs, as well as the flow of blood through the vascular system.

Part 3/4 - Lesson 3: Digestion

Dr Gunther von Hagens and pathologist Professor John Lee reveal the science 
and beauty of the human body in a series of filmed dissections. Focusing on 
the digestive system, von Hagens removes the entire abdominal block from a
woman's body and demonstrates the passage of a mouthful of food through the
seven metres of the digestive tract. 

Part 4/4 - Lesson 4: Reproduction

The final programme in which Dr Gunther von Hagens and Professor John Lee 
reveal the science of the human body by means of dissection. On this occasion 
male and female bodies are examined as the anatomists expose the wonders of the
human reproductive system in graphic detail.

part 5 - The Final Cut

A special compilation programme drawing on the four televised anatomy
classes conducted by Dr Gunther von Hagens and pathologist Professor
John Lee. Using illustrations, human skeletons and dissections of 
actual corpses, they help explain the intricacies of the human body
and the functions that we take for granted.

original samples
Video: XviD at 1000kb/s
Audio: MP3 at 128kb/s
Resolution: 352x288
Frame Rate: 25fps

converted to 
pal dvd
with menues