
      ...................Ableton.Live.v5.2.1-BEAT...................


      Ableton Live is the only solution designed for each stage of
      the musical process, from creation to production to
      performance. In the creative stage, Live is transparent,
      intuitive and responsive, capturing inspiration and
      encouraging the flow of musical ideas. During production, Live
      provides all of the professional tools and studio
      compatibility required to complete and perfect projects. On
      stage, Live delivers the expressive control and stability that
      innumerable performing artists have come to rely on. Live 5 -
      from inspiration to studio to stage. Create. Produce.
      Perform.

      

      Ableton is proud to announce the release of Live 5, the team's
      biggest development effort since the initial release of Live
      in 2001. The version 5 feature set extends each aspect of Live
      - from creation to production to performance - while making
      the program easier and even more fun to use.

      

      DAW Features. Live 5 includes advanced and creative DAW
      features to satisfy any audio professional. Read more about
      clip Freeze, plug-in delay compensation, launchable
      Arrangement locators and Mackie Control support.

      

      Remix Features. Get ready to remix! Live 5 includes a host of
      new remix-minded features, assuring instant remix and mash-up
      gratification. MP3 support, automatic tempo-matching, Complex
      Warp Mode and the new clip transport make remixing a breeze.

      

      Organizational Tools. Never lose ideas again! Live 5 features
      simple tools for saving, previewing and accessing any idea on
      your hard drive. Explore the new "Live Clip" file format,
      better browsing, new preset management, Device Groups and the
      new library.

      

      Instruments and Effects. Live 5 introduces a selection of
      innovative new devices, bringing even more creative
      possibilities. Check out Beat Repeat, Phaser, Flanger, Auto
      Pan, Saturator, Arpeggiator and the updated Simpler.

      

      Live 5 also brings countless improvements to existing
      features; for instance, you can change the properties of
      multiple clips at once, resize and minimize the width of
      tracks in the Session View, use right-click context menus for
      most functions and use a count-in for recording. Version 5 is
      even easier to learn thanks to a new set of lessons and an
      improved lesson reader.
