Kiss is an American rock band formed in New York City in 1973. Easily identified by their trademark face paint and stage outfits, the group rose to prominence in the mid-1970s on the basis of their elaborate live performances, which featured firebreathing, blood spitting, smoking guitars, and pyrotechnics. Kiss has been awarded 45 gold albums to date. The group's worldwide sales exceed 80 million albums.

The original lineup of Gene Simmons (bass and vocals), Paul Stanley (rhythm guitar and vocals), Ace Frehley (lead guitar and vocals) and Peter Criss (drums and vocals) is the most successful and identifiable. With their makeup and costumes, they took on the personas of comic book-style characters?the Demon (Simmons), the Star Child (Stanley), the Space Ace (Frehley), and the Cat Man (Criss). Due to substance abuse problems and creative differences, both Criss and Frehley were out of the group by 1982. The band's commercial fortunes had also waned considerably by that point.

In 1983, Kiss abandoned their makeup and enjoyed a commercial resurgence throughout the rest of the decade. Buoyed by a wave of Kiss nostalgia in the 1990s, the band announced a reunion of the original lineup (with makeup) in 1996. The resulting Kiss Alive/Worldwide Tour was the top-grossing act of 1996. Criss and Frehley have since left Kiss again, and have been replaced by Eric Singer and Tommy Thayer, respectively. The band continues to perform, while Stanley and Simmons have remained the only two constant members.

Producers include: Kenny Kerner, Richie Wise, Neil Bogart, Kiss, Bob Ezrin, Eddie Kramer. Compilation producer: Bill Levenson. All tracks have been digitally remastered. THE VERY BEST OF KISS is yet another compilation guaranteed to be snapped up by legions of die-hard completists who undoubtedly own innumerable versions of these musical warhorses, its contents nonetheless serve as a solid primer for the uninitiated. Alongside the inclusion of ever present hits like the anthemic "Rock And Roll All Nite" and its power-ballad counterpart "Beth" are Kiss standards like "Deuce," "Detroit Rock City," "Strutter," "Love Gun" and "Christine Sixteen." Along with a foray into disco ("I Was Made For Lovin' You") and guitarist Ace Frehley's theme song (the killer "New York Groove") are songs by the post-makeup group including "Lick It Up" and the soaring Michael Bolton collaboration "Forever." Also included is "God Gave Rock And Roll To You II," Kiss's sequel to the Rod Argent hit with a similar title, in a version originally found on the long out-of-print BILL AND TED'S BOGUS JOURNEY soundtrack.

Released August 27, 2002 
Recorded  ??? 
Genre Hard Rock 
Length 75:09 
Label UTV Records/Mercury Records 
Producer(s) Bill Levenson 

TRACKS
1. Strutter 
2. Deuce 
3. Got To Choose 
4. Hotter Than Hell 
5. C'Mon And Love Me 
6. Rock And Roll All Nite (live) 
7. Detroit Rock City 
8. Shout It Out Loud 
9. Beth 
10. I Want You 
11. Calling Dr. Love 
12. Hard Luck Woman 
13. I Stole Your Love 
14. Christine Sixteen 
15. Love Gun 
16. New York Groove 
17. I Was Made For Loving You 
18. I Love It Loud 
19. Lick It Up 
20. Forever 
21. God Gave Rock 'N' Roll To You II 

Enjoy! and please seed..
Ekolb