THE FUTURE OF EAR REPAIR
Faspitch
2006 Lighter Records

www.myspace.com/faspitch, faspitch.multiply.com, lighterrecords.multiply.com
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Prepared, focused and united, Faspitch offers a smorgasbord of metal crashes mixed with drum & bass and old-school grunge. 

Perhaps it may be too difficult to box them into a particular category but Faspitch is not one to be easily described. The band is oftentimes mistaken to be a bit of everything that falls under the current listener trend. Faspitch, however, is a band to be experienced, not just heard. Off-stage, the guys are constantly hacking over ideas on how to change their sound. On-stage, the experiment takes place, their presence always leaving an audience gaping in wonder about what just happened. 

For those who are not so familiar with the band, however, the band released their first single, Staying This Way on the airwaves, later following it up with A Day Before Pisces which is gaining more ground and building up their music / fan community. This is what prompted the band to take a step further in releasing a full-length album. They inked a deal with Lighter Records on April 1, 2005. Their second single is also available in the compilation FULL VOLUME, which was released by EMI Records and includes tracks from their label mates, Urbandub and The Ambassadors. Incidentally, some listeners may already know Russell Manaloto (lead guitarist), who was kind enough to lend his talent to Urbandub after John Dinopol's accident almost a year ago. Russell now has his full attention geared towards Faspitch. 

Faspitch's goal is as typical as any other band's aim to take music to the next level. They do believe, however, that in order for their crash and grind formula to work, they have to work hard. Individually, they train themselves to concentrate more on their skills as musicians. This is made clear in their newly released, year-long project and debut album The Future Of Ear Repair which is available in selected places today. The album was launched in April 21, 2006 and their new single All Under Heaven is gaining more airplay on a nationwide scale. There are great expectations that the band is going to be something massive and that they are set to rock the scene. This is something that the band knows. And they do know one other thing: Faspitch is ready.
 
TRACK LIST:
 
1. Make Love
2. A Day Before Pisces
3. Dweller
4. Breathe
5. FP.1
6. Alone
7. All Under Heaven
8. FP.2
9. Staying This Way
10. FP.3
11. Namesake
12. No Holding Back
13. FP.4
14. Hunger