Our Lady Peace, abbreviated as OLP, is a Canadian alternative rock band consisting of Raine Maida (vocals), Duncan Coutts (bass), Jeremy Taggart (drums), and Steve Mazur (guitar). Until 2001, guitarist and founding member Mike Turner was a member of the band. During their career they have sold over 5 million albums worldwide, won four Juno Awards out of twenty nominations, and won six MuchMusic Video Awards, including the People's Choice Award in 1997, 1998 and 2000. The band has finished its 'Paranoid Times Tour', which saw them stopping in several North American cities between April and May of 2006. With them was a fifth stage member, Joel Shearer (of the band Pedestrian).

A Decade is Canadian rock band Our Lady Peace's greatest hits album, released on November 21, 2006 in Canada, and November 28, 2006 in the USA. Included on the album are the Top 10 tracks "Where Are You," "Clumsy," "In Repair," "Somewhere Out There," "Innocent," "Thief," "Naveed," "Starseed" and "4AM." Also included are the two unreleased songs "Kiss On The Mouth" and "Better Than Here".

The Canadian release of the album includes a bonus DVD containing live footage of the songs "Picture", "Thief", "Innocent", "Where Are You", "Wipe That Smile Off Your Face", and "Clumsy" shot on November 6, 2005 at Massey Hall in Toronto. It also includes interviews with the current band members, behind the scenes footage, a photo gallery, and discography with lyrics. The first single from the album was "Kiss On The Mouth", released in Canada in September, 2006.

The band has stated that this will be the last album featuring Saul Fox on the cover. Previously, Fox was seen on the covers of Our Lady Peace's first four albums. OLP stated in February 2007 that they had begun work on another album.


Track listing
"Starseed" 
"The Birdman" 
"Naveed" 
"Superman's Dead" 
"Clumsy" 
"4 A.M." 
"One Man Army" 
"Is Anybody Home?" 
"Thief" 
"In Repair" 
"Life" 
"Somewhere Out There" 
"Innocent" 
"Where Are You" 
"Angels/Losing/Sleep" 
"Will the Future Blame Us" 
"Kiss On The Mouth" (Previously Unreleased) 
"Better Than Here" (Demo, Previously Unreleased) 

Greatest hits by Our Lady Peace 
Released November 21, 2006 (CAN) 
November 28, 2006 (USA) 
Recorded 1994 - 2006 
Genre Alternative Rock 
Label Sony 

Enjoy! and please seed..
Ekolb