Violet Blue - scene from `Erotica XXX #8`  (2004)

Cast:
Violet Blue, Ben English, Mr. Pete

Sex ingredients:
Violet. In room. Sexy outfit. Mr. Pete & Ben English. Alternating BJ. Dual BJ. Nude. Screwing & BJ from behind her, side ways. Double vag rev cowgirl, doggie. Anal & no hands BJ. Both guys stroke off on her breasts. 


Scene review:
Violet is very pretty, natural brunette. Again, we get some short and erotic tease from her, before Ben English and Mr. Pete enter the scene. The guys feed their cocks to Violet from both ends, one in the mouth and one in the pussy from behind. They then move to the bed to engage in more serious activities. Ms. Blue gets vigorous vaginal pumping in spooning position, and the strangest thing that it had little to no effect on her. Her mouth was stuffed, of course, but generally she was producing only "ooh mmm ooh mmm" sounds, and also smiling. Huh? The action gained even more momentum when second cock went in her pussy in RC and then in normal cowgirl positions, and both guys worked their butts off to annihilate her love hole. Well, I think Violet did feel that something has changed because her moaning increased by 0.04%. Her asshole also got jackhammered (RC, mish, doggie), and pussy further stretched by four fingers. Strangely, there was no DP. The dudes unloaded on her tits. I can't say it was a bad scene, but I thought it was kind of weird and from certain perspective, even funny. I want to see this babe get double fisted in some video...


AKA   Violet, Violet Lust
Birthday March 27, 1977
Astrology Aries 
Birthplace Aberdeen, WA 
Years Active 2000-2006 (Started at 23 years old)
Ethnicity Caucasian
Hair Colors Black/Brown/Blonde
Measurements 32B-23-34
Height 5 feet, 3 inches (160 cm)
Weight 105 lbs (48 kg)
Tattoos butterfly on small of back; blue violets above left ankle; Aztec sun on right big toe; Aries symbol on back of neck
Non-Ear Piercings navel


SCREENS: 
http://www.jam-hot.com/details.php?id=10618


For more nush-nush: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/deirdre1987/




.