BATMAN (1966) 1-10
Stars: Adam West (Bruce Wayne/Batman), Burt Ward (Richard Grayson/Robin: The Boy Wonder), Alan Napier (Alfred Pennyworth), Neil Hamilton (Commissioner James Gordeon), Stafford Repp (Chief O'Hara), William Dozier (Narrator)

1. HI DIDDLE RIDDLE  (1/12/1966)
A bomb goes off at the Gotham City World's Fair revealing a riddle which leads Batman and Robin to the Peale Art Gallery. The duo find out it's a trick from the Riddler who serves them subpeonas. Batman must find out the Riddler's sceme or he must reveal his true identity. Robin finds two clues in the papers and they head to a diso where he unfortuneatly cannot get in. Batman's drugged by the Riddler's assistant, Molly. Batman's drugged and Robin is tranquilliezed by the Riddler, who in turn tries to steal the Batmobile. The Riddler attempts to blow the Batmobile up after he kidnaps Robin. Batman races out to the Batmobile but in his incompacitated condition, he is forced to turn his keys over to the police. The Riddler attempts to operate on Robin.

Guest star: Frank Gorshin (The Riddler), David Lewis (Warden Crichton) , Ben Astar (Moldavian Prime Minister), Damian O'Flyn (Gideon Peale), Byron Keith (Mayor Linseed), William Dozier (Maitre 'd [Voice only]), Catherine Ferrar (Go Go Dancer [uncredited]), Michael Fox (Inspector Basch), Jack Barry (Newscaster), Allen Jaffe (Harry), Richard Reeves (Doorman), Jill St. John (Molly), Richard Reeves (Go Go Club Guard (uncredited))

2. SMACK IN THE MIDDLE  (1/13/1966)
Batman's attempts to contact Robin with no luck. Riddle copies Robin's face for Molly who infiltrates the Bat-Cave but falls to her death when Batman discovers her. Batman frees Robin. The Riddler goes after the Mammoth Of Moldavia. The Dynamic Due pursue and capture the Mole Hill Mob as Riddler escapes in an explosion.

Guest star: Frank Gorshin (The Riddler) , Michael Fox (Inspector Basch), Jack Barry (Newscaster), Ben Astar (Prime Minister), O'Flyn Damian (Gideon Peale), Richard Reeves (Doorman), William Dozier (Maitre 'd), Jill St. John (Molly)

3. FINE FEATHERED FINKS  (1/19/1966)
Awaiting release from prison, The Penguin schemes to get Batman to plan his crimes for him. Batman and Robin investigate the alias K.G. Bird. Batman as Bruce Wayne plants a bug at the umbrella store and is captured by The Penguin. Bruce is set for doom as he head to the furnace.

Guest star: Burgess Meredith (The Penguin), David Lewis (Warren Crichton) , Walter Burke (Sparrow), Lewis Charles (Hawkeye), Robert Phillips (Swoop), Alex D'Arcy (Jewelry Shop Owner), Johnny Jacobs (Assistant Shop Owner), Leslie Parrish (Dawn Robbins), Dan Tobin (Mr. Jay), Robert Phillips (Swoop, the Cellmate)

4. THE PENGUIN'S A JINX  (1/20/1966)
Bruce Wayne escapes his firery demise. Batman and Robin stake-out Dawn Robbins' place awaiting for The Penguin but he magnitizes them to the door with a giant magnet and escapes. The Penguin is soon apprehended at Wayne Manor attempting to retreive the ransom for Dawn Robbins. NEXT WEEK: Batman versus The Joker!

Guest star: Burgess Meredith (The Penguin), David Lewis (Warren Crichton) , Walter Burke (Sparrow), Lewis Charles (Hawkeye), Robert Philips (Swoop), Alex D'Arcy (Jewelry Shop Owner), Johnny Jacobs (Assistant Shop Owner), Leslie Parrish (Dawn Robbins), Dan Tobin (Mr. Jay)

5. THE JOKER IS WILD  (1/26/1966)
The Joker escapes from prison and begins another crime wave on Gotham City. After being foiled by Batman and Robin, thanks to Batman's utility belt, the Joker decides to make his own utility belt. The Joker eventually traps Batman and Robin and, on live television, he intends to unmask them.

Guest star: Cesar Romero (The Joker) , Merritt Bohn (Assistant Warden), Jonathan Hole (Mr. Hovis/Museum Attendant), Nancy Kovack (Queenie), Dick Curtis (The Inebriate), Jerry Dunphy (Fred/Newscaster), Al Wyatt (Henchman #1), Angelo DeMeo (Henchman #2)

6. BATMAN IS RILED  (1/27/1966)
Batman avoids a public unmasking but is unable to bring in the Joker, thanks to the villain's utility belt. Eventually, Batman and Robin are captured by the Joker's gang. But the Joker doesn't know a showdown with the Dynamic Duo awaits.

Guest star: Cesar Romero (The Joker) , Nancy Kovack (Queenie), Jonathan Hole (Mr. Hovis/Museum Attendant), Merritt Bohn (Assistant Warden), Dick Curtis (The Inebriate), Jerry Dunphy (Fred/Newscaster), Al Wyatt (Henchman #1), Angelo DeMeo (Henchman #2)

7. INSTANT FREEZE  (2/2/1966)
Mr. Freeze, thought to have perished, has returned and is seeking revenge on Batman. The villain is committing crimes involving diamonds, or "ice," in one form or another. He freezes Batman and Robin, who look like goners.

Guest star: Don Hannum (Art Rogers) , Shelby Grant (Princess Sandra), Troy Melton (Chill), Guy Way (Nippy), Roy Sickner (Mo), Robert Hogan (Paul Diamante), William O'Connell (Mr. Perkins), John Zaremba (Kolevator/Butler), Ken Del Conte (Al Scott), Dan Terranova (Dr. Vince), John Wills (Newscaster), Bill Hudson (Photographer), Teri Garr (Girl), George Sanders (Dr. Schimmell, Mr. Freeze)

8. RATS LIKE CHEESE  (2/3/1966)
Vince, a temperamental physician at a Gotham City hospital (apparently a takeoff on Ben Casey), saves Batman and Robin. The Dynamic Duo resume their pursuit of Mr. Freeze. Eventually, Batman substitutes himself for Paul Diamonte, a baseball player, Mr. Freeze has kidnapped. Robin, disobeying Batman's orders to stay away, is also captured by the villain. Now, in his headquarters, Mr. Freeze is using his climate controls so that only Batman or Robin will have access to life-giving warmth.

Guest star: Don Hannum (Art Rogers) , George Sanders (Mr. Freeze), Shelby Grant (Princess Sandra), Troy Melton (Chill), Guy Way (Nippy), Roy Sickner (Mo), Robert Hogan (Paul Diamante), William O'Connell (Mr. Perkins), John Zaremba (Kolevator/Butler), Ken Del Conte (Al Scott), Dan Terranova (Dr. Vince), John Willis (Newscaster), Bill Hudson (Photographer), Teri Garr (Girl)

9. ZELDA THE GREAT  (2/9/1966)
A mysterious figure robs a Gotham City bank on the same date each year. Batman and Robin are summoned to help the police solve the crime. To flush out the robber, Batman plants a false story in the newspaper that the money taken was counterfeit and being held by the bank for disposal. It turns out the robber is none other than magician Zelda the Great. She needs the money to pay a "mad Albanian genius" to come up with escape tricks for her act. Now, Zelda has to commit another crime and Batman sets a trap. But Zelda pulls a switch and kidnaps Harriet Cooper instead. If a ransom isn't paid, Aunt Harriet will be dropped in boiling oil.

Guest star: Anne Baxter (Zelda) , Frankie Darro (Newsman), Jack Kruschen (Eivol Ekdal), Barbara Heller (Hillary Stonewin), Jim Drum (Officer Clancey), Stephen Tompkins (Bank Guard), Victor French (Hood #1), Bill Phillips (Hood #2), Jerry Doggett (Announcer), Douglas Dumbrille (Doctor)

10. A DEATH WORSE THAN FATE  (2/10/1966)
Bruce Wayne makes a live, hurried appearance on a Gotham City television station to plea for Harriet Cooper to be freed by her kidnapper. During the broadcast, both Bruce and Commissioner Gordon reveal the money stolen by the bank robber was genuine. Zelda frees Aunt Harriet as a result. Now the "mad Albanian genius" shows Zelda the latest device he's built for her magician act. It is an "inescapable doom trap." The problem: it's truly inescapable. As a result, the criminals now bait a trap for Batman and Robin. If anybody can figure out how to escape it's Batman who is "the world's greatest escape artist." Two hitmen hide to kill the Dynamic Duo when they do escape.

Guest star: Anne Baxter (Zelda) , Frankie Darro (Newsman), Jack Kruschen (Eivol Ekdal), Barbara Heller (Hillary Stonewin), Jim Drum (Officer Clancey), Stephen Tompkins (Bank Guard), Victor French (Hood #1), Bill Phillips (Hood #2), Jerry Doggett (Announcer), Douglas Dumbrille (Doctor) 

Color/XviD/560x416/23.97fps
mp3/48kHz/107kbps/25min
