Muzzy is going to be the best language teacher. Any experience that this likeable character has accumulated over the years has been compiled in this series to provide an opportunity for stakeholders to learn multiple languages with a single collection for deliveries.

From now on, the course Multilingual the BBC that will help all family members to learn English, French, German and Italian with thirty libros-CD and DVDs consisting of the course.

The course
The course is composed of a total of 15 libros-CD, 15 libros-DVD and a DVD with all the songs you hear in the course. DVDs contain an entertaining story in cartoons in which they apply the knowledge they are studied. A recognized group of linguists have worked progression of language and the use of different tenses in each of the teaching units of which comprises the course for learning more responsive to the educational settings. The course in deuvedÃ?Â© a vocabulary lively clustered thematically, with more than 500 words in each language.

CDs stored exercises and interactive games. They serve to establish the knowledge and learn to speak, listen and write in English, something that has become indispensable in today to browse the Internet.

The course Multilingual BBC leading Muzzy is the world\'s most rewarded for their teaching and educational qualities. Recognized for the highest level language combines the virtues of an institution such as the BBC flagship in the rigorous use of language, with the input of experts in linguistics and pedagogy.

Benefits
Speaking a second language is an asset for life. Experts say they learn at an early age in all aspects enriches mental development. Furthermore, contact with another language promotes the ability to conceptualize better.

Today, speak a second language has become a prerequisite to enter the job market or increasing opportunities for promotion in the workplace.

The extension of the use of new technologies, especially the Internet, has become more necessary than ever to be able to operate with ease in different areas and with different languages.

The course allows the smaller members of the family adentren in any of the four languages that provides for the collection, and adult members entering a new world for them - for the commencement of the Course Multilingual the BBC- or in other cases, settling reinforce or recall the knowledge already acquired.

And all this with the flexibility it gives dispose of the entire educational materials, without the need to resort to any specialized center, without mandatory comply with some or timetables depend on the availability of time each.

Text extracted from an advertising presentation of the course.

For more information http://www.dmpbbc.com/index.html

Database Edition DVD
Origin: DVD5

Format: FULLDVD in VIDEO_TS folder

System: Pal

Location: 2

Format: 4:3

Compression: DVDSrink 3.2 No compression

Audio: Dolby Digital 5.1

Languages: Spanish, English, French, German and Italian

Subtitles: Yes (for all languages audio)

Manuals: They are in pdf format.

Extras:

* Selection of languages
* Interactive Menus
* Scene Selection
* Selection of songs
* Covers