Werewolf (1987) (TV) (FOX) 1x02 - 1x05 DVD - A Time-Capsule Release
Here are the next four episodes. My bandwidth is limited, so don't give up on
these - you will eventually get them, and please help me seed. Once there are
plenty of seeders, I will upload the next four episodes. These torrents should all
download to the same folder on your computer. That way, all episodes will be in one
place and easy for you to find.

Episodes 1x02 - 1x05
--------------------
1X02 - "Nightwatch"
1x03 - "The Boy Who Cried Werewolf"
1x04 - "The Black Ship"
1x05 - "Spectre of the Wolf"

A Time-Capsule Mini-DVD Release
November 15, 2007

Previously, I had intended to make this series available as KVCD's,
however, not all DVD players can play VCD and not all that play VCD
can play KVCD, so, instead, the releases will now be DVD. Most of the
.ISO's are less than 1.46Gb, and can therefore be burned to those mini
dvd-r's such as Ritek Ridata 4X 8CM/1.46GB Mini DVD-R Media, or
Verbatim (95238) White Inkjet Hub Printable 4X 1.4GB/8cm Mini DVD-R
Media or similar (these are typically used in DVD CamCorders). They can
also be burned to any standard DVD recordable disc (4.7Gb), but it
seems a waste of the disc capacity (even so, that's what I used). Any
CD/DVD burning application should be able to burn these ISO images to
disc (Nero, Roxio, PlexTools, etc.). You could also just load the ISO
images into Nero Image Drive (comes with Nero and is awesome) and watch
them on your computer or copy the files off to reburn in an application
of your choice. The Free 7-Zip (7-zip.org) or WinImage can be used to
extract the files from the ISO images if you wish. The simplest way to
enjoy them is to just burn the .ISO files to a blank DVD and watch them
on your television set. They are NTSC, but these days, most DVD players
handle NTSC and PAL with ease, so it shouldn't be an issue.


ENJOY!

DO NOT READ THE FOLLOWING UNLESS YOU WANT TO SPOIL THE EPISODES (IN THE
EVENT THAT YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THEM). THE FOLLOWING SHOULD ONLY BE READ
AFTER HAVING VIEWED ALL OF THE EPISODES. IT WAS BORROWED FROM: 
http://www.tv.com/werewolf/show/5885/episode.html

 
1X02 - "Nightwatch"
First aired: 7/18/1987
Production Code: 6832

Eric catches up with Skorzeny at the docks. He finds a gun and has
silver bullets made, then lies in wait in Skorzeny's boat. Meanwhile,
Rogan isn't far behind.

Writer:
Frank Lupo
Director:
David Hemmings
Guest star:
Chuck Connors (Janos Skorzeny),
Henry Beckman (Doc),
Franko Toth (Deputy),
John Garwood (Sheriff) 


1x03 - "The Boy Who Cried Werewolf"
First aired: 7/25/1987
Production Code: 6805

A young boy, fascinated with monsters and whose mother is having
problems with her boyfriend. nurses Eric back to health after he is
shot by Alamo Joe.

Writer:
Mark Jones
Director:
Larry Shaw
Guest star:
Cyril O'Reilly (Bobby),
Anne Wyndham (Leah Harris),
Danny Cooksey (Davey Harris),
Len Wayland (Dr. Miller),
Matt Roe (Policeman)


1x04 - "The Black Ship"
First aired: 8/1/1987
Production Code: 6809

Eric Cord looks for Janos Skorzeny at a shipping wharf. In a bar he
meets Otto Renfield who claims to be an old friend of Skorzeny who used
to sail with him. He offers to show Eric some of Skorzeny's things.
Renfield takes Eric to his ship, an old rusty freighter in a ship
wrecking yard. Otto tells Eric an old story about how he and Skorzeny
once tried to mug a man while out on shore leave. Unfortunately for the
two of them, the man had a knife. Otto tells how he was stabbed and
then abandoned by Skorzeny. He reveals that he eventually lost his leg
to gangrene from his injuries. Otto offers to give Skorzeny's address
to Eric. He leads him into the brig where he keeps an old see chest. As
Eric goes to open the chest, Otto locks the door trapping him in the
cell. As Otto taunts Eric, he begins to transform into a Werewolf. Even
as a Werewolf, however, Eric cannot get out of the cage. The next day
Eric remains locked in the cell. Otto returns and gives him a change of
clothes. He tells Eric that Skorzeny is coming and leaves after Eric
tries to ask him why he is helping Skorzeny. Later when Otto returns he
is surprised to find Eric missing. He figures out that Eric crawled
into a vent and tells him that there is no way out since the vent ends
after only eight feet. Eric comes out and sees Otto holding a gun on
him. Otto tells him the gun has silver bullets. Eric backs off. Later
Otto asks him why Eric why he is hunting Skorzeny. Eric tells him that
he wants to kill him. Eric asks Otto more about Skorzeny. Otto tells
him that while they were shipmates they'd always head to the roughest
ports so that no one would bother them when Skorzeny wanted to kill
somebody. Eric learns that Skorzeny is much older than he thought.
Otto tells Eric that he reminds him of one of his older shipmates who
was killed by Skorzeny. Skorzeny made him clean up the mess and get rid
of the body. Otto reveals to Eric that he hung around with Skorzeny
because he wanted to be a Werewolf too. He wanted immortality and
power. He tells him that he begged Skorzeny to make him a werewolf.
Skorzeny just laughed at him. Eric figures out that Otto really wants
to kill Skorzeny. That is why he has a gun with silver bullets. Otto
leaves and heads to his room when Janos arrives. Janos wants Cord. Otto
tells him that Eric escaped, Skorzeny doesn't believe him. Skorzeny
transforms and attacks him. In the brig Cord can here the screams. He
sees the brig's keys on a table. Unfortunately they are just out of
reach. Skorzeny heads for the while Eric finds a coat hanger. He
stretches it to get the keys. He escapes before Skorzeny reaches the
brig to kill him. Later Eric searches the ship with a crowbar. He finds
Otto wounded and bleeding. Otto asks to die. Eric takes the gun with
silver bullets and shoots him.

Writer:
Alan Cole, Chris Bunch
Director:
James Darren
Guest star:
Stefan Gierasch (Otto Renfield),
Claude Earl Jones (Mr. Klisura),
Lillian Garrett (Rita)


1x05 - "Spectre of the Wolf"
First aired: 8/8/1987
Production Code: 6807

A college professor, who is an expert on werewolves and has written
several books on the subject, thinks that Eric is a bit crazy when Eric
comes to him for help.

Writer:
Craig Tepper
Director:
Lyndon Chubbuck
Guest star:
Paul Comi (Dr. Victor DeGoethels)


 