
Visit my blog http://knuthulu.blogspot.com/ and download more music like this directly.


This California trio offers unashamed retro hard rock with heavy use (and abuse) of growling Hammond organ, fat, juicy, heavy guitar riffs, plodding, booming bass, multiple mellotrons and lots of other unmentionable keyboard artefacts. With its mix of pop, glam and prog rock elements, their music features aggressive experimental passages with the dark, psychedelic sound of early 70's metal combined with elements from the 90's. The band consists of vocalist/keyboardist Damon Fox (a terrific vocalist who prefers a moderate range to banshee wails or toadlike croaking); Ace Mark on lead, rhythm and slide guitars; Duffy Snowhill on bass; and Steve "Froth" Frothingham on drums and gong.

[img]http://img81.imageshack.us/img81/8113/coversmalloh2.jpg[/img]

Their first EP, "Closer to Doom", was recorded in Hollywood in 1998. Apart from the production, this could have been recorded in 1973: nothing over six minutes, genuinely good songs with Beatles-like melodies and harmonies, heavy Hammond-driven stuff and nasty Mellotron on just about every track. After relocating to Scandinavia where audiences seemed more receptive to their brand of retro-rock, the same album was released in Sweden with 4 extra tracks. In 2000, they released their first official full-length cd, the highly praised "Money Machine", and have just recently committed their latest assault with the album "Hex", where they concentrate more than ever on the "Black Sabbath-with-more-tron" sound. Good, groove-driven stuff that is a true blast from the past.

If you like Black Sabbath, Led Zeppelin, Deep Purple, Uriah Heep and king Crimson, you won't be able to help yourself head banging and humming along with these guys' material. Highly recommended. ? progarchives.com

Big Elf are a group of four guys from Los Angeles. In 1997 they released a 6 track CD on the new label Third Hole Records in USA. Pretty soon they were picked up by the Swedish label Record Heaven where they released "Closer to Doom" with 4 bonus tracks. The music is built up by heavy Toni Iommi riffs, King Crimson Mellotron, a domestic Jon Lord Hammond B3 and melodies that could have been arranged by Lennon/McCartney. The 6 tracks that were on the Third Hole release are of course the best tracks on this album, but the 4 bonus tracks makes this release even more worth it's price. The first bonus track are "Theme One (from "An Instrumental Thing")", and as you can see on the title, it's instrumental. The second bonus track is "I, The Jury". It's previously released as a single in 1994, and in my opinion it should have been included on the Third Hole Release, as it's almost as good as my favorite track "In the Void". The third bonus track is "Fight", a demo from 1992. It reminds a bit of the title track "Closer to Doom". The last bonus track is "Baron Saturday", and it's recorded live at the Viper Room in February 1996. This is a very good song with a super cool riff that ends the album. "Closer To Doom" are one of my favorite albums from 1997. Buy and enjoy! ? progarchives.com

[img]http://img91.imageshack.us/img91/470/backsmallst2.jpg[/img]

Size: 76 MB
Bitrate: HQ Vbr

Tracklist:

1. Change (3:42)
2. Crazy (3:35)
3. Frustration (5:21)
4. Salvation (3:20)
5. In The Void (4:16)
6. Closer To Doom (4:57)
Bonus Tracks:
7. Theme One (2:42) (From "An Instrumental Thing")
8. I, the Jury (3:13) (Previously released single '94)
9. Fight (3:19) ('92 demo) 
10. Baron Saturday (3:44) (Recorded live at the Viper Room February 1996)

Enjoy & please seed back!

