John Lee Hooker - That's my story [DVDR,PAL]

IMDB: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0332160/
Trailer: http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x15ql7_john-lee-hooker-thats-my-story_music

Language: English
Subtitle: N/A
Source: DVD9
Video: 16:9
Audio: DD2
Quality: Great

I won't seed for very long, keep your download running after it's finished so others can enjoy aswell.

-----------------------------------------------

''...I hated school. My school was in my heart. I never learned to read and write. I didn't want to. God taught me how. I'm a very 

smart person and I pick up about everything. Got the book that God gave me: knowledge and good human sense - loving people and my 

music. Reading books didn't get me where I am right now - my guitar!''


In this loving, endearing portrait of the legendary, recently passed away blues artist John Lee Hooker, his life is described by 

himself, his closest friends and music colleagues, from his birthplace in Mississippi following the ups and downs of his career to 

the big successes. With participation of John Lee Hooker, Eric Clapton, Famous Coachman, Robert Cray, Buddy Guy, John Hammond, 

Archie Hooker, John Lee Hooker jr., Maude Hooker, Zakiya Hooker, Mike Kappus, Eddie Kirkland, John Mayal, Charkie Musselwhite, 

Adolfo de la Parra (Canned Heat), Bonnie Raitt, Roy Rogers, Carlos Santana, Pete Sears and Pete Wolf.

That's My Story is also the title of a famous Hooker song. Its text implies many autobiographic elements. It was his way to 

compensate life through music. The film accompanies him musically through the last six decades by using material from the archives 

to the latest recordings.

John Lee Hooker was born in Mississippi as son of a reverend and cotton picker. At the age of fourteen he runs away from home, 

tries his luck in Memphis, later in Cincinanatti and Detroit. His music gives him a chance to cross the borders of race 

restrictions. Hooker itself, his friends and colleagues recall his past life ? the ups and downs of his career ? and his big 

comeback with his album The Healer, when he was already over seventy.

The story of Hooker's life is at the same time the history of Blues and its influence on British and American music from the 

fifties to the seventies. With hits like Boogie Chillen, Crawling King Snake, I'm in the Mood and Boom Boom he became an idol for 

whole generations of music makers. Especially for bands from Great Britain in the early sixties, like the Animals, The Rolling 

Stones and for musicians like Van Morrison, John Mayall and Eric Clapton, in the US for Bob Dylan. For the groups Canned Heat, 

J.Geils Band and Santana he was even something like a father figure.

His music style has always differed from the style of other Blues musicians. Maybe this is the reason he has fans in every 

generation over the last sixty years.

"Blues and Jazz are America's biggest tributes to the history of music" said Carlos Santana, and John Lee Hooker is the one and 

only "Godfather of Blues" and "King of Boogie". He died 2001 on June 21 in his house in Los Altos, California. He was 83.
