
              Join Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny as these four animated
              tykes take on the supernatural, the extraordinary and the 
              insane. For them, it's all a part of growing up in South 
              Park.
              
              
                              Rainforest Schmainforest
                           
              The boys are sent to the rainforests of Costa Rica as 
              part of the Getting Gay with kids Choir Tour. All is 
              well until the native tour guide is killed! Cartman 
              strikes out on his own in search of food. 
              
                               Spontaneous Combustion
                                     
               The citizens of South Park are exploding randomly 
               and it's up to Stan's dad to find out why. Meanwhile 
               the boys are recruited by Priest Maxi to re-enact
               the Stations of the Cross. 
              
                                     Succubis
                                  
              Chef has found love in the form of his new guitar 
              playing girlfriend. It's up to the boys to save him 
              from a succubus, defined by Mr Garrison as 'A woman 
              sent from Hell to suck the life out of man' 
              
                                  Tweek Vs Craig
                           
              Who is tougher, Tweek or Craig? Stan, Kyle, Cartman 
              and Kenny set up a contest to find out. Meanwhile, 
              Mr Adler, the 'shop' class teacher is having a hard 
              time forgetting his past. 
              
                                   Jakovasaurs
                                
              The boys make an exciting discovery whilst out 
              camping - a loud, stupid and very annoying creature: 
              a Jakavosaur. Before long the townsfolk of South 
              Park are forced to take dramatic action in a bid 
              to return to normal.