1. Calypso From Jamaica



REVIEW
It is interesting to note that the pop-calypso (as opposed to real calypso) boom of the mid-\'50s was engineered largely by a charismatic singer born in Harlem and a Julliard-trained composer from Brooklyn. Both Harry Belafonte, whose mother was from Jamaica, and Irving Burgie, who spent his childhood in a West Indies neighborhood in New York, had musical roots in the Caribbean, certainly, but their version of the islands was largely an imagined one, although imagined so well that their collaborations have actually filtered back into the folk music of the region. Intelligent, confident and with a firm grasp of artful arrangement, Belafonte almost single-handedly brought world music into the commercial pop arena with the Burgie-composed \"Day-O\" song, and in Burgie he had found the perfect song writer, a man whose compositions had the lilt and flow of ocean sunlight itself. Several of Burgie\'s songs (and Belafonte\'s versions of them) have become stone cold classics, including \"Banana Boat (Day-O),\" the lovely \"Jamaica Farewell\" (both of which were centerpieces of 1956\'s million-selling Calypso album that made Belafonte an international star) and \"Kingston Market.\" Calypso From Jamaica contains all the tracks from that groundbreaking release plus related tracks from Belafonte\'s subsequent RCA albums to make a wonderful sequence of artful, faux Caribbean folk that isn\'t particularly Jamaican, although it definitely is shot through with a West Indies sensibility. The only actual folk song from the area included here is the gorgeous 19th century ballad \"All My Trials,\" which by the 1950s had migrated to the American south and by the 1960s had become a staple of the folk revival. Whatever the origins, the songs collected here have a wonderfully summery vibe, and if most of them didn\'t actually come from the Caribbean, they certainly ended up there, and many of these tunes have become mento standards. Calypso From Jamaica is the most generous single-disc collection currently available of this phase of Belafonte\'s career. ~ Steve Leggett, All Music Guide


01. Day O                                                                                                              
02. Jamaica Farewell                                                                                                    
03. Matilda, Matilda                                                                                                    
04. Come Back Liza                                                                                                      
05. Mama Look A Boo Boo                                                                                                
06. Man Smart (Woman Smarter)                                                                                          
07. Kingston Market                                                                                                    
08. Jump Down, Spin Around                                                                                              
09. Island In The Sun                                                                                                  
10. Brown Skin Girl                                                                                                    
11. The Jack-Ass Song                                                                                                  
12. I Do Adore Her                                                                                                      
13. Hosanna                                                                                                            
14. Man Piaba                                                                                                          
15. All My Trials                                                                                                      
16. Will His Love Be Like His Rum                                                                                      
17. Dolly Dawn                                                                                                          
18. Cocunut Woman        

Label: Saar srl
Date: 1992



2. In Concert

Probably from 'Belafonte at Carnegie Hall (1959)'.Perfect Sound.


01. Matilda                                                                                                            
02. Banana Boat Song (Day O)                                                                                                    
03. Jamaica Farewell                                                                                                    
04. Man Smart (Woman Smarter)                                                                                          
05. Bring A Little Water Sylvie                                                                                        
06. Them Old Cottonfields                                                                                              
07. When The Saints Go Marchin' In                                                                                      
08. Come Back Liza                                                                                                      
09. Hava Nageela                                                                                                        
10. Shenandoah                                                                                                          
11. Chickens                                                                                                            
12. There's A Hole In My Bucket                                                                                        
13. One More Dance                                                                                                      
14. I Know Where I'm Going

Label: European Kings Club
Date: -



BITRATE: 320

My cd-rip (EAC and Lame)
Covers Included







Enjoy,Seed and Share