Before Gene Scott died, many of his lectures were freely available at 
his website DrGeneScott.com.  Immediately after his death, however,
his wife Melissa took over all the operations of the church and removed all
recordings of Gene Scott's lectures from public availability.    Not only the 
free online lectures were removed, but Melissa also ordered all of the thousands
of cassette tape recordings of Dr. Scott's teachings to be permanently removed
from circulation so that no one would ever hear them again.

Gene Scott himself warned that once he died, those who took over the church
would destroy his entire life work.  This was because his teachings frequently went
into territory far beyond what one would normally expect from an ostensibly "Christian"
preacher.  Indeed, he spent much time educating his listeners on subjects which were highly
politically sensitive even to this day, and he knew that only he himself could guarantee the
continued availability of his teachings.

His prophecy has unfortunately been fulfilled.

Now if you go to his church, all you will see will be his wife Melissa prancing around
on stage in front of a huge American flag which spans the entire back wall.  That is, if 
you can get in the door at all.   The church is guarded by a virtual army of private
security goons masquerading as "ushers," wearing three-piece suits and ear-phone
communication systems.   This has all the earmarkings of a government-sponsored cult 
operation, working as expected to mind-control its followers and destroy the truth.  

Fortunately, before Dr. Scott's free lectures were removed from the website, someone able
to see the handwriting on the wall was able to download and save many of them.  The original
RealAudio files have been converted to MP3 for maximum portability and convenience to the listener.
This collection contains almost all the lectures which were on the website from the categories
of:

Atlantis (14 lectures),
Demonology (23 lectures),
Great Pyramid (10 lectures),
"More Mysteries" (19 lectures),
The Stars, (10 lectures), and
UFOs (7 lectures),

for a total of 95 lectures in this collection.

There were a few lectures on the website, however, that did not download correctly and
so are not preserved here.   Also note that there are -- or at least WERE -- many many
more talks by Dr. Scott on these subjects available in huge albums of 12 cassette tapes each.
These, as noted above, are no longer available from the church and now command exorbitant prices
when they are offered for sale used on eBay.   Hopefully, we will be able to make much of that
information freely available on the internet as well.  

Melissa Scott is ABUSING her ownership of the copyright to this material as a means to
DESTROY AND ERASE the life work of Dr. Gene Scott from the face of the Earth.  We feel that
Dr. Scott did not produce his lifetime of work simply so that his former porn-producer wife
Melissa aka "Barbie Bridges" could shut it all down the moment he passed on, in order to appease her
handlers.  Dr. Scott's work rightfully belongs to the world now, and so we are making it
available to everyone free of charge.  

