SERIAL 	X3D-9101-2462-1422


             		   Name.: Xara3D.v6.00
               

			86 	designs templates
			661	Textures 
			77 	animations
			981 	samples 
     

                                Xara 3D v6

     Xara3D  is  so  simple  to use, literally anyone can produce high
     quality 3D graphics in minutes.

     Both  professional  web designers and home users choose Xara3D to
     make  still  and  animated  3D  text and graphics, such as logos,
     titles, headings and buttons.

     3D  graphics  and animations are the perfect way to add impact to
     your  site  -  and  we  guarantee there?s no easier way to create
     them than Xara3D!


     With  Xara3D?s clean design, intuitive tools, interactive editing
     (just  drag  on  the image to change the position, the extrude or
     bevel)  and  ready  made  styles,  you  will create your first 3D
     graphics in minutes.


     Ideal  for  onscreen  3D graphics or animations (AVIs or animated
     GIFs),  wherever  you  need  to  catch your visitor?s attention -
     headings  and titles, logos and buttons, sales and offer notices.
     Perfect  for  web  pages,  mailshots,  newsletters,  e-cards  and
     presentations.   And  any  animation  can  even  be  saved  as  a
     screensaver.


     Xara  has  pioneered  technology  to  create  the highest quality
     onscreen  results,  with compact file sizes - ideal for web pages
     and presentations.

     Traditional  3D  programs  are  notoriously  difficult to use and
     understand.  Not  so  Xara3D. Unlike much modern 'bloatware' that
     offers  more  features  than are ever likely to be used, and take
     an  age  to  learn  and  understand,  Xara3D  has been created to
     perform  one  job,  and  performs that job with style, speed, and
     slick simplicity.

     Xara3D  is  solely designed to create the highest quality 3D text
     and  graphics,  such as logos, titles, headings and buttons. It's
     the  perfect  way  to add impact to your web pages, mailshots and
     presentations   (all  images  are  fully  anti-aliased  for  that
     smooth,  professional quality). Xara3D can also create awesome 3D
     animations  in  seconds  -  GIFs,  AVIs  and  simple  Flash movie
     sequences  -  and you can even enhance your desktop by saving any
     animation as a screensaver!

     http://www.xara.com/products/xara3d/
