As the world’s multinational corporations grew, their profits began to rival
those of small countries. Soon they owned small countries and corporate
influence was felt at the highest level of world government. Smaller
corporations were swallowed up like plankton in the wake of three behemoth
mega-corporations, one U.S.-based, one Europe-based and one based in the Far
East. These became the only effective world government, unelected, undemocratic,
but controlling the lives of the people through commerce.

Then the European corporation perfected the CHIP. Inserted in the neck, the CHIP
stimulated the brain stem to alter your every perception of the outside world.
Better than any drug, the CHIP gave hope to millions by numbing their senses to
the misery and squalor around them. One CHIP would convince users that the sun
shone and the birds sang even as they walked through the constant acid rain
drizzle. Another that they were glamorous or handsome – they’d look in the
mirror and see a different face – while the rest of the world would see them as
they really were.

The CHIP was a technological revolution and sold countless units with the slogan
‘Why change your world when you can change your mind’. It also left the user
open to auto-suggestion and gave the corporations the perfect tool for
manipulating the populace.

Like any new and potent drug, control of the CHIP meant control of the people.
Soon the corporations were at war among themselves, desperate to monopolize CHIP
manufacture. But the corporations’ thirst for power left them open to
infiltration.

With money earned through pirating CHIP technology, crime Syndicates bribed and
murdered their way into corporation boardrooms. It wasn’t long before the
Syndicatesbecame the controlling force all over the globe, with a finger in the
pie of everytransaction, criminal or otherwise, worldwide.

And in the crime Syndicates of tomorrow those in control don’t need uzis for
backup. Teams of custom-built cyborg agents hunt down rivals and traitors, and
spread theinfluence of the Syndicates across the globe.

OBJECT OF THE GAME

The aim of the game is to spread the dark stain of your Syndicate’s color across
thesurface of the entire globe.

The world map is divided into various territories. From your home base in Europe
you invade adjacent territories and, through the violent subterfuge of your
agents,wrestle them from rival Syndicates. Having done so, raise taxes on the
locals toincrease your profits and punish them for serving the wrong Syndicate.

But raising taxes can make you very unpopular. And furious natives leading
popularrebellions can eat into Syndicate profits. So keep an eye on foreign
interests and pickoff troublemakers with your teams of agents.

And while you’re busy expanding your Syndicate’s empire abroad, rival agents are
working in your own back yard to de-stabilize your Syndicate. Ensure agents are
briefed to weed out traitors whose actions might bring about your downfall.

By meeting all the challenges, destroying all targets and gaining control of all
theterritories, your Syndicate triumphs.


Yes the good old Bullfrog classic. I have been successfully playing this agin on XP Service Pack 2 by using DOSBox 
h**p://dosbox.sourceforge.net