The Choice is Yours - Simulating the real world society!

Creating your own items:
Be an artisan and create items for yourself or for others. GoonZu Online offers you various artisan classes to master and you can become the best artisan in the GoonZu world.

Control the economics:
Sell your items in the market. Buy the town stocks. Lease out the buildings.
Hire your own NPCs. GoonZu offers you to become an economist and control your town economy.

To be rich or not to be rich. That is the question!

Govern your own town:
Do you think you are popular? Do you have what it takes to earn people?s respect?
Win the residential election in the server and become a GoonZu. Your server?s 
future lies in your hands.

-=BATTLE & MANUFACTURE=-

Class System:
Artisan, warrior, merchant and politician? Choose your own destiny Become a       master of one class and earn reputations and respects.

Quests:
Complete the quests from NPCs to help you understand the game - Form a party to hunt strong monsters and solve difficult quests.

Summons/Animals:
Raise your own animals and ride them to gain more speed and inventory space Raise Summons to assist you in the battle field as an ally.

-=ECONOMICS=-

Item Manufacture System:
Create and sell your items (over 1 million combinations) in the market or to other users.

Stock Exchange System:
Become a shareholder of different towns to gain more Profits and participate in the election. Share the profits among residents or shareholders to gain respects and reputations.

Town Commission System:
Set the commission rates for different facilities in the town to gain profits and compete with other towns.

-=POLITICS=-

Election System:
Participate in the shareholder election to elect or to become a town chief. Use the resident election to elect or to become a GoonZu, the master of the server.

Make Political Decisions:
Appoint your own department heads as a town chief. Govern the server with four ministers as a GoonZu.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Requirements

OS: Windows 98SE/ME/2000/XP
CPU: P3-800Mhz (Min) P4-2.0Ghz (Recommended)
RAM: 256M (Min) 512M (Recommended)
VGA: Video Card with at least 8MB DirectX 3D Accelerator
SOUND: DirectSound Compatible
HDD: 1GB(Min)
Other: DirectX 8.0(Min)/9.0(Recommended)

