PIMP SCHOOL EDUCATIONAL SCREENSAVERS

1.0.0 - 09.19.2007 - http://www.big-mafia.com

Screenshot: tinyurl dot com slash 2t4tjb

Our screensavers help you get better with women. Memorize all the best player
advice, pickup lines and funny things to say.

We have crawled through tons of websites, e-books and DVDs, taken the best
stuff from the greatest players and packed it all into a simple and straight
forward guide to help you get better with women. It comes as a screensaver,
along with some lovely pictures.

The seduction community is a loose-knit subculture of men who strive for better
sexual and romantic success with women through self-improvement and a greater
understanding of social psychology. It exists largely through Internet forums
and groups, as well as over a hundred local clubs. Supporters refer to the
subculture simply as the community and often call themselves pickup artists.

Supporters typically believe that the conventional dating advice for men is
fatally flawed. For example, they reject the notion that men should attempt to
woo women by spending money on them (e.g. buying drinks, presents, jewelry),
calling it supplication. They also discourage flattery. They believe that
physical looks are less important to women in selection of a partner than they
are to men, as evidenced by top gurus who rated poorly with their looks on a
Hot or Not style of website.

Most active members of the seduction community work on their game (seduction
skills) by improving their confidence and self-esteem (termed inner game),
their social skills and understanding of female psychology (outer game) and
their physical appearance (physical fitness, fashion sense, grooming). One's
game is refined through regular practice, with the belief that the abilities
needed to interact with women can be learned.

Keywords: advice, attracting women, babes, chicks, comedy, dating, flirting,
funny, game, girls, help, hilarious, hoes, hot, humor, jokes, lessons, love,
lust, mackin, pickup lines, pimpin, punch lines, relationships, romance,
seduction, sexy, sweet, tease, womanizing, women 
