Escape from New York 1997

[img]http://eu.movieposter.com/posters/archive/main/38/MPW-19495[/img]

Director: John Carpenter 
Cast: Kurt Russell, Lee Van Cleef, Ernest Borgnine, Donald Pleasence, Harry Dean Stanton, Season Hubley, Isaac Hayes, Harry Dean Stanton 
Duración: 95 min 
Video: Pal 2.35:1 , 16:9 (Anamórfico) 
Audio: Dolby Digital 5.1: English . Dolby Digital Estéreo: English, Italian . Dolby Digital Mono: Spanish 
Subtitles: English, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Finnish, Svenska, Deutsch, Danish, Norks
Extra features:
Interactive Menus, Scene Detection, Documentation: ?Snake Plissken ? Man of Honor?, Trailer, Teaser

DVD9 to DVD5 DVD Decrypter + DVD Rebuilder + CCE (9 pass)

The year is 1997: Manhattan Island is now a heavily guarded maximum-security prison, where the scum of the earth have converged. When Air Force One crash-lands in Manhattan, the President (Donald Pleasence) is held hostage by its denizens. One-eyed mercenary Snake Plissken (Kurt Russell) is strong-armed into rescuing the Chief Executive. He is aided, not always willingly, by a tough gal (Adrienne Barbeau) and a manic cab driver (Ernest Borgnine). Too long for its own good (especially in its expanded video version), Escape from New York is an otherwise excellent chunk of non-think entertainment. It was followed by a sequel of sorts in 1996, Escape From LA, again starring Kurt Russell. ~ Hal Erickson. 
Another John Carpenter cult classic, ESCAPE FROM NEW YORK was one of the best entries in the once popular post-apocalyptic genre which included ROAD WARRIOR and THE TERMINATOR. In 1997, the island of Manhattan has been turned into the world's largest maximum security prison, a place where the worst of humanity is sent to rot. The U.S. Government finds itself in a major crisis when the president's plane crash lands in New York only days before a vital peace summit between major warring nations is to take place. The president survives the crash, but is taken hostage by the denizens of Manhattan and held for ransom. Only war hero turned felon Snake Plissken can save the day, and he is offered a simple deal for his work: save the president and live, fail to save him and die. The one-eyed bandit sets to work, cutting a path of destruction to the president that has to be seen to be believed. Kurt Russell creates the indelible character of Snake Plissken as no other actor could have. Wisecracking and cool under the very worst of pressures, Snake is the ultimate bad good guy. Often copied, but never duplicated, ESCAPE FROM NEW YORK is full of the wit, energy and action that marks a John Carpenter picture.

more details: www.solodvd.org