If you either want to dig into an entirely new field of knowledge, or If the material Is known before.. this is a bundle of future documentary classics.

This torrent Is serving as lesson number one for everyone who wants to understand the nature of the barbarian world economy.

You think I use a bit corny strong words? Well.. I donÂ´t.

Every film is too important and too well made for being left out but Alex Jones "Terrorstorm" Is seeded everywhere so thats not included in this reseed. 

There is more ofcourse such as the film about the Dixie Chicks and what happened to them when shey made one single political statement in the United States ("Shut up and sing"), or Alex Jones new "Endgame" that you still should support by buying if you live in the US. Europeans just have to wait for It to become a torrent or shipped overseas with the right regional code. I have tried to get in contact with Alex about the Issue of distribution in Europe but with no success.



The Issue of the democratic world turning to fascism is as important as its real..

This is a (8Gb) collection of the documentaries:


"The Road To Guantanamo"

"The Revolution Will not be televised"

"Ghosts Of Abu Ghraib"

"Greg Palast Armed Madhouse Tour"

"American Blackout"

"Afghan Massacre - The Convoy of Death"

"G8 Genova - Berlusconis Mousetrap"

"This Is what democracy looks like"

"Shadow Company"

"Gitmo" (by Swedish Erik Gandini & Tarek Saleh)
 




                           Thoughts from the maker of this torrent:



Are we (humanity) stepping forward? Are the children of the Internet/the information society actually more educated than we were before. Who elected George W Bush and why? The answer is he was not elected. He was put there by economical interests who put democracy aside.. two times. It takes a continous struggle to keep people updated and well informed, not to throw coming generations into ignorance. 

Some might ask: What Is the alternative? How could we be wealthy If we did not kill and steal? We have to be vultures to be able to play our Playstation on a saturday morning.. 

There has always been alternatives for the oil. Not transporting food around the world and instead use our soil wisely has to be the new reality. We do not want   apples from New Zealand in Sweden! Not when we see the consequences. 

There is forgotten and supressed technology that needs all the funding Enron and Shell can afford. High efficient stem engine and Edwin Grays engines. We dont HAVE to build new city strtuctures where one need a car to get to the food at the supermarket. That idéa descends from 60 years ago.. General Motors tore up railways in the seventies and then changed the structure of peoples lifestyle. If knowledge was not supressed It would look quite different. Today it´s a world built around the internal combustion engine and constant conflict until we make another structure. I believe the concept of open source is bringing us back the  knowledge in groups like Panacea-bocaf. See you tomorrow ;) 



                                     "Question Authority" 
       
                                             Korn



See you In future bundles
