 Use this Program to create virtual drives on your computer to use with daemon tools or other programs. Mount cd/dvd imgaes to these virtual drives to play the image of the cd.




VirtualDriveÂ® 11.5

Play disc-based applications directly on your hard drive

Convert your CDs and unprotected DVDs into â??virtual CDsâ?? â?? disc images that run directly on your hard drive, replacing physical discs and saving wear and tear on your CD-ROM drive. Share virtual CDs over a network, and enjoy access rates up to 200 times faster than physical CDs, boosting the performance of PC games, photo CDs, and disc-based applications.

VirtualDrive 11.5 is a major product update with many new features, including ISO support and custom VCD cabinets. 


What is a Virtual Drive??

A virtual drive is a term used with respect to computers when a drive is emulated in some fashion. The drive being emulated could be a hard drive, floppy drive, CD/DVD or a network share among others.

A virtual hard drive can be created from RAM for fast read/write access. See: RAM disk.

Virtual DVDs are often mounted as disk images via disk image emulator software. This allows to read the content of a CD or DVD from the disk image on a hard drive, rather than a disc drive. This may also allow users to run software that requires a CD or a DVD, without the need of having a registered copy in the disc drive.

[edit] Virtual burner
	Please help improve this article by expanding this section.
See talk page for details. Please remove this message once the section has been expanded.

A virtual CD burner is a device driver that emulates a CD/DVD Burner. It appears as another drive in the system with writing capabilities. When information is written to the drive, it creates an ISO Image representation of the CD that would, under normal circumstances, be physically created. ISO images can be compressed into CSO images for compressed iso images.

This allows you to use any CD burning software to create what can be later mounted as a virtual drive.