Linda Martini - Olhos de Mongol


ARTIST........: Linda Martini
TITLE.........: Olhos de Mongol
LABEL.........: Naked
URL...........: http://www.lindamartini.tk/
GENRE.........: Rock
QUALITY:......: 219 kbps avg/ 44100Hz / Joint Stereo

RIP DATE......: 2006-11-12
RELEASE DATE..: 2006-11-09


Tracklist:
----------
01. Sinto A Cabeça Cair                                  1:54
02. Cronófago                                            2:42
03. Dá-me a Tua Melhor Faca                              6:59
04. Partir Para Ficar                                    5:12
05. Estuque                                              7:11
06. O Amor é Não Haver Polícia                           3:18
07. Quarto 210                                           3:22
08. Amor Combate                                         4:50
09. A Severa (ver de perto)                              7:14

					         Total	42:42



Release Notes:

Forget everything, and listen to the best European release of the year! And yes,
he sings in Portuguese.
_____

"It's about time a band put the rock back in post-rock. All those massive
buildups are fine and dandy, but the final peak just isn't what it could be
anymore. It's not churning my guts any longer. Thankfully, Portugal's own Linda
Martini has been thinking the exact same thing and seemingly formed just to
bring that passion back to this most emotional of genres. A few closed-minded
listeners would probably be very quick to point out just how not post-rock Linda
Martini is. But their whole-hearted, endearing love of distortion, crunch, and
the ever-present buildup shows that they very easily could be put in the same
genre as Explosions in the Sky or Godspeed! You Black Emperor, even if their
sonic similarities are more Oceansize, Failure, or My Bloody Valentine.

It's been a long time since a band has grabbed me as firmly in the first five
minutes as Linda Martini has. Even when they start to border on predictable in
their transitions, there's always some change to the thought process that makes
their sound intriguing. During the build-up in "Amor Combate," the experienced
post-rock listener can instinctively figure out just where the sudden explosion
will come. They might even know exactly how it will start. However, Linda
Martini knows what would be expected and gives you half of the puzzle you
thought you had figured out. Just when you think the transition will come, it
does. But drummer H. Morais decides to get ultra-creative with the drumming,
delaying the sudden guitar charge by a few seconds. If you weren't hooked
already, you are now.

Of course, there's another case the band has against being post-rock. Vocals.
And lots of them. In Portuguese. Fine, you know what? Maybe they're not
post-rock. Maybe they're just amazing. Is that so bad, really, in the grand
scheme of this thing we call music? It's safe to say that "amazing" would be a
pretty high compliment. It's definitely not an insult. And as the band closes
this EP out with swirling, unapologetic distortion, you can't help but find
solace in the few moments of melody found in the underlying and overlapping
layers.

Linda Martini is the band to watch in 2006, plain and simple. To even begin to
comprehend that this is what happened on their very first try is a monumental
task. If and when they release a full album, track it down. If the import price
tag is forty bucks, buy it. You won't be disappointed. This is all you could ask
for in a debut or even a third or fourth effort. Marvelous."
(review from the 1st EP in http://www.decoymusic.com/vb/showthread.php?t=11816)
 
http://www.myspace.com/lindamartini

