Folder Guard Professional v.7.6 + Keygen/Serial
Latest Version. Number One In Security.
Files In Zip File:
1. Folder Guard Professional v.7.6  (app)
2. Folder Guard Professional v.7.6 keygen   (app)
3. Folder Guard Professional v.7.6 (alt serial)  (text)
4. Control Panel Hack   (text)
5. Safe Mode Hack  (text)

OK folks I had been searching for a long time for a good
App to lock and protect folders and files.
I found so many that were bullshit. Some from this site
and some from other sites.

Then you have the sites were you can sometimes get the
serial numbers and or key generators. Sometimes you get lucky,
sometimes not. But beware when you go to these type of sites
such as: 
http://www.keygen.us 
http://www.andr.net
you must add these sites using wild cards In the restricted zone.
Located In the control panel under internet options.
Add wild cards like so:
*.keygen.us
*.andr.net
Then use the custom settings and change file download from disable
to enable. Do not allow any other In this zone. This will keep your
BOX (pc)  from filling up with shit from all these web site and 
all there children.

And then you have file sharing such as kazza and eDonkey. Some 
times you get lucky and get exactly what you need and some
times not.

Well after four hours of bull shit I got lucky. I got the best folder and
file security App that?s out there and on top of that Its the Latest
version. Folder Guard Professional v.7.6 Is the name of the app
and this program Is great. This Is no bullshit. Serial and kegen are good.
I just don?t want every one to be mislead by so many frauds.
So Here It Is for all to enjoy.
NOTE: Make sure to add all fields to the reg box when entering serial
code and name.

TIPS:
1. Get to know the program
2. Create a Folder Guard emergency rescue disk.
4. When password protecting folders always set the attributes to
disable or hidden. I use disable. Password protecting only can
be gone around. You must password protect and select the proper
attributes. Spend some time with the program. Get to know
It In and out. 
5. You can bypass Folder Guard by booting In safe mode.
So for 100% security you must disable safe mode boot.
In the Folder guard directions they don?t and will not 
tell you how to disable safe mode unless you can prove that you are
the true owner. In this case we cant provide them with this
information. So I created my own hack for that. If done correctly
this hack will cause your box to crash when booting in safe mode.
I have included directions in the zip file called "Safe Mode Hack"
Also I have included directions on hacking your control panel.
Very useful once you learn Folder Guard.

Live long and prosper,
             Falcon3x11

