"STEVE OEDEKERK PRESENTS

THUMB WARS

The hilarious story of a restless young farm-thumb, Loke Groundrunner,
and his tasty companion, Princess Bunhead, who go on an quest to combat Black Helmet Man and the Evil Thumbpire.

Featuring the latest in dazzling thumb effects technology and an
all-thumb cast, THUMB WARS is the most exciting parody space epic DVD and Video available. So hold on to your cuticles and get ready to laugh your thumbs off with this Tumbtastic film experience."

-- http://www.theochannel.com/InsaneO/Thumbs/thumbwars/



Thumb Wars: The Phantom Cuticle (1999) (TV)
	Directed by
Steve Oedekerk

Writing credits
Steve Oedekerk (written by)

	Add to MyMovies 		IMDbPro Professional Details
Genre: Short (more)

Tagline: Every Hand Has A Thumb...

Plot Outline: In a sendoff of the original Star Wars, several fingers and thumbs are used to act out the roles of would-be heroes and villians as the forces of finger and thumb clash of an evil super-weapon. 

User Comments:

Brendan Abrams
Tokyo

Date: 18 October 2000
Summary: Amusing

    Thumb Wars is a nice, odd little parody on the now culturally mythical original Star Wars. The short interview/making of sequence following the filmette added to the enjoyment when you saw the number of people and the amount of effort which went into filming some thumbs (and one foot).

    It's true that some of the jokes made are pretty much standard fare (Leah is Princess Bunhead - with cinnamon buns for hair, a Stormtrooper comments on Darth Vader's "cool" voice). However, the curious effect of faces superimposed on thumbs, some of the attention to detail and references to the original (the bar scene), and some of the just plain whacked out humour (the naked X-wing pilot) are what maintain the pace.

    2 minutes longer and I think I would have begun to lose interest, but for something different and a good laugh Thumb Wars does the job. The preview for Thumb Tanic looked good too.

-- http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0206341/



speltid: 21m45s

inte världens bästa kvalité, men det duger. filmen är vansinnigt bra!