
Diskeeper 2007 Professional represents a quantum leap in system performance, enabling you to run your computer at the height of its potential, 100% of the time, and for the life of your systems.
Regain and Maintain Peak Performance

Individual PCs require constant maintenance to keep them at an acceptable level of performance. The results of inadequate or no maintenance are all too familiar - freeze-ups, disk errors, and worse - system crashes.

But system maintenance itself can consume considerable resources, and while it runs can make your systems slow and unresponsive - a case of the cure being worse than the disease.
Diskeeper 2007 Professional is the answer

Gone are the days of scheduling. Diskeeper 2007 Professional enhances file system performance in real time, without ever taking away from vital system resources - even during times of heaviest demand.
InvisiTasking? Technology

InvisiTaskingDiskeeper 2007's revolutionary new InvisiTasking technology is a breakthrough of magnitude.

InvisiTasking enables the vital system performance enhancements of Diskeeper 2007 to occur in real time, as it undetectably taps into unused system resources - providing truly transparent system maintenance.
Enhancing File System Performance - Automatically?

Diskeeper 2007 Professional's automatic defragmenter is completely transparent - except for the remarkable boost in performance, you would never know it was there!

Diskeeper 2007 Professional's automatic defrag is completely transparent.

It also includes FragShield?, which guards against fragmentation of critical system files to boost stability and speed.

Diskeeper 2007's online directory consolidation and sequencing for enhanced data access speeds mean faster virus scans, back-ups, and file searches.

There's even a power saving mode for laptops to ensure no drain on precious battery life.

Because there is no scheduling and no resource conflict, Diskeeper 2007 Professional will keep your networked systems running at their peak, while enabling you to concentrate on other vital tasks. Maximizing disk performance can extend the typical workstation's life to 4 years, 5 years, and even longe