DVD > PC > avi > you


1941 - BLACK AND WHITE - running time 1 hour 21 minutes 


22 of 22 people found the following review helpful:
5.0 out of 5 stars The Ghost Train, 1 Feb 2006
By 	Mr. J. Powell 
(REAL NAME)
   
When i first saw this wonderful little film, i was about 15 and my Dad taped this film on video for us all to watch, i had no idea what it was about, but after a couple of minutes i was hooked. Its constantly funny throughout, thanks to the wonderful talent of Arthur Askey. Its a simple story, a group of passengers arrive at a deserted old train station, which in fact is haunted by a suppose GHOST TRAIN that runs at night, but the passengers decide to stick it out due to bad weather - which by now you can tell this is a british film.

I cant stop praising this film it has become an instant classic at my home and I hope many others. Its very eerie in places too, but with the odd chill comes a joke. Its a cosy old british gem that should be anyones catalogue for those who like there humour and story

The Ghost train is a real treat for all the family - I like to thank my Dad for finding this treat - I THANKYOU!




Watch it on a cold Sunday winters eve with a box of chocolates -that's what i will be doing!! 

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -- - - - - - -
    	
During the height of World War II, Gainsborough returned to The Ghost Train for a 1941 remake featuring the bright new star of British comedy Arthur Askey (1900-1982). This peppy character with a thousand catch phrases tickled the country's funny-bone on radio with a show titled "Band Waggon" which was adapted for the cinema and served as Askey's screen debut during 1939. Askey's straight-man Richard "Stinker" Murdoch (1907-1990) became equally as popular and on the strength of the radio show's success, both comedians naturally went on to star in film.
For The Ghost Train the nominal hero of the story was divided into two, Murdoch portrayed Teddy Deakin, the hero and romantic lead while Askey was introduced into the plot as Tommy Gander, an entertainer travelling to Cornwall for an engagement on the sea-front. Video Clip Kathleen Harrison, a superb comedienne, appears in the role vacated by Cicely Courtneidge. Harrison began her film career as a teenager in 1915 and continued to act until her recent death in 1994 at the age of 96. Also amongst the cast is the reliable Raymond Huntley as Price and Linden Travers as his daughter Julia Price who provides the obligatory terror filled screams as the phantom train, with its whistle blowing, thunders through the deserted station. During her scenes, even Askey's wise-cracking interruptions are laced with a certain morbidity.
Herbert Lomas in The Ghost Train (1941)Also in the cast is the grim looking Herbert Lomas (1887-1961) as train guard Saul Hodgkin who relates in his own sepulchral tones the legend of the "ghost train" when 43 years ago as the "special" driven by old Ben Isaacs (shown in flashback with D.J. Williams making another brief appearance as Isaacs), plunges into the river when the swing-bridge was left open by stationmaster Ted Holmes after he collapsed with a heart attack.


more info here -   http://www.missinglinkclassichorror.co.uk/train.htm
