Same thing as this torrent:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/tor/3736436/Heroes_Season_1_episodes_1-23

But instead of one single ZIP file (sorry... I was a noob.), I am seeding the whole directory so you can pick and choose what episodes you want to download.


Enjoy!


All 23 are there, great quality!








Heroes Season 1 episodes 1-23


01 	"Genesis" 	September 25, 2006
Various people around the world discover evidence of real superpowers. Claire Bennet can instantly heal physical injuries to her own body. Isaac Mendez can precognitively paint future events. Hiro Nakamura is able to manipulate time, travel through it, and teleport. Mohinder Suresh tries to continue his recently deceased father's work by finding these people. 
02 	"Don't Look Back" 	October 2, 2006
Hiro travels from October 2 in Japan to November 8 in New York City. Nathan Petrelli tries to dismiss his recent self-propelled flight, and lies to his brother, Peter about it. Matt Parkman can hear the thoughts of everyone around him. 
03 	"One Giant Leap" 	October 9, 2006
Hiro wants the help of his friend Ando. Claire suffers from an injury she can't immediately heal. Mohinder discovers his father's connections to Sylar. Matt collapses in a bar after seeing the Haitian. 
04 	"Collision" 	October 16, 2006
Matt is kidnapped by Mr. Bennet and the Haitian. Hiro and Ando gamble in Vegas and later get trapped by four men they gambled with. In the same casino Niki meets Nathan. Peter Petrelli meets Hiro from the future. 
05 	"Hiros" 	October 23, 2006
Mohinder gives up searching for superhumans. Matt uses his abilities to impress his wife. D.L. Hawkins appears, and is wanted by police. 
06 	"Better Halves" 	October 30, 2006
Hiro questions his own heroism. D.L. arrives at his wife Niki Sanders's, home. 
07 	"Nothing to Hide" 	November 6, 2006
Matt and Audrey Hanson investigate a murder. Peter asks for Nathan's help in finding a painting. Micah Sanders is revealed to have powers. 
08 	"Seven Minutes to Midnight" 	November 13, 2006
Hiro meets Charlie Andrews at a diner. A mysterious boy visits Mohinder in his dreams, which makes him reconsider giving up his father's search. 
09 	"Homecoming" 	November 20, 2006
Claire's high school homecoming turns deadly, as Peter tries to save the cheerleader. Hiro tries to right a wrong. Jackie Wilcox is mistaken for Claire by Sylar who realizes, too late, that Claire is the one he wants. Sylar and Peter fight and fall off of the roof. Peter heals and realizes that Sylar is gone. Sylar then gets captured by Eden. Claire reveals her secret to her father. 
10 	"Six Months Ago" 	November 27, 2006
Hiro seeks to change Charlie's death by going back in time. Six months before the series began, tragedy strikes the Petrelli family, Claire makes a surprising discovery, and Chandra Suresh arrives in New York City with the list. 
11 	"Fallout" 	December 4, 2006
Isaac seeks to paint the future without using drugs. Matt and Audrey investigate the Homecoming disaster. Niki makes a move to protect her family. Peter fears he is responsible for the coming disaster. 
12 	"Godsend" 	January 22, 2007
While in a coma, Peter has another vision which is too disturbing for him to face alone. Hiro begins his quest for Kensei's sword. Claire begins to rebuild her life. 
13 	"The Fix" 	January 29, 2007
Peter continues to follow the invisible man while his brother, Nathan, seeks help from Mohinder. Matt's wife comes to terms with Matt's thought-hearing power. Hiro and Ando are kidnapped by men working for his father. Claire searches for her biological parents. Micah uses his powers to take large amounts of money from an ATM. 
14 	"Distractions" 	February 5, 2007
Claude serves as a mentor for Peter and forces him to reevaluate his relationships with his loved ones. Claire reunites with her birth mother, Meredith. Hiro tries to explain his mission to his father and sister, who have other plans for him. Sylar escapes and pays a visit to Mrs. Bennet. Niki gets out of prison, but she finds herself imprisoned by Jessica. 
15 	"Run!" 	February 12, 2007
As Claire's life at home falls apart, she seeks help from her biological parents, but things do not go as she wishes. A woman comes between Hiro and Ando, forcing the two friends apart. Mohinder is unaware that he is meeting his father's killer, Sylar. Matt and Jessica play a deadly game of cat and mouse. 
16 	"Unexpected" 	February 19, 2007
Sylar travels with Mohinder and obtains a new power. After reuniting with Ando, Hiro makes a difficult choice. Mr. Bennet and The Haitian unsuccessfully try to capture Claude and Peter, and Claude decides he must abandon Peter. Ted Sprague, Matt, and a new hero seek answers about the marks on their necks. When Mrs. Bennet is taken to the hospital, Claire reveals to Mr. Bennet that she does not trust him. Peter unlocks his powers and faces off against Isaac, which results in tragedy. 
17 	"Company Man" 	February 25, 2007[1]
Matt and Ted take the Bennet family hostage in search of answers. More is revealed about Mr. Bennet, the agency for which he works, and how he adopted Claire. Ted loses control of his powers and burns the Bennets' house. The Haitian escapes with Claire. A new person with powers is revealed. Side story about Mr.Bennet. 
18 	"Parasite" 	March 4, 2007[2]
With the election looming, Nathan has a disturbing meeting with Linderman and faces a difficult decision. Niki tries to stop Jessica. Hiro finds the sword with help from Nathan and Ando, but then discovers a dark future. Claire finds answers while her surrogate father gets into trouble with Primatech. Sylar faces off against Mohinder and Peter. 
19 	".07%" 	April 23, 2007
Linderman reveals his vision of the future to Nathan. Mr. Bennet is held captive by Candice and Thompson, while Sylar captures Isaac. Claire meets Peter again and sees her father for the first time. Hiro meets someone unexpected. 
20 	"Five Years Gone" 	April 30, 2007
Hiro and Ando find themselves five years after the destruction of New York City. People with extraordinary abilities are labeled as terrorists and are being registered, hunted, and killed. Hiro and Ando meet up with darker versions of the other heroes in preparation for a showdown with the President. This includes a darker side of Matt, a Jessica/Niki with a clear winner in their battle, a brown-haired Claire, future version Hiro, and a changed Sylar.[3] 
21 	"The Hard Part" 	May 7, 2007
Hiro and Ando are more determined than ever to stop the explosion. Nathan takes surprising steps to win the election. Jessica and D.L. learn how their family fits into Linderman's plans. Sylar visits his mother. Thompson brings someone new into the Company.[3] Side story about Sylar. [4] 
22 	"Landslide" 	May 14, 2007
Nathan is poised to become a member of Congress, but must consider those he loves and the advice of his mother and Linderman. Hiro learns of his lineage from his father, and prepares to face Sylar to the death. Peter and Ted attempt to leave New York before the explosion. Matt and Mr. Bennet learn the truth behind the Company's tracking system.[3] 
23 	"How to Stop an Exploding Man" 	May 21, 2007
Isaac's horrible predictions begin to unfold, and the ordinary people with extraordinary abilities face moments of pain and peril in Kirby Plaza with unflinching heroism as the first volume of "Heroes" comes to a close - and the next one begins. 

All of them are complete and I have personally watched each one. Ever get annoyed by downloading a video and the quality sucks/its complete/whatever? Now you don't have to worry about that. Enjoy