This.Is.What.Democracy.Looks.Like.2000.NTSC-DVDR

Year...............: 2000
Country............: USA
Directors..........: Jill Friedberg, Rick Rowley
Runtime............: 69 minutes + Extras
Audio..............: English Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo
Subtitles..........: Spanish, French, Czech
Picture Format.....: Non-Anamorphic
Aspect Ratio.......: 4:3
DVD Format.........: NTSC
DVD Source.........: DVD9
DVD distributor....: IMC/Big Noise Films 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0265871/

Plot:
n 1999, representatives from some of the world's largest and most powerful economic 
forces met in Seattle, WA, for the World Trade Organization summit. They were met by 
a diverse group of activists, ranging from youthful peace-punks to veteran trade 
union members, who intended to publicly air their concerns about issues of economic 
justice, Third World labor policies, and environmental safety that were being 
ignored by many of the WTO's affiliates. Police soon clashed with the protesters, the 
vast majority of which were gathered peacefully and had obtained permits for their 
gatherings. While Seattle authorities attempted to portray the protesters as a violent 
rabble in statements to the media, a number of activists armed with film and video 
cameras were on hand to document the protests, who then used the Internet and 
independent media outlets to bring their side of the story to the public. 

This Is What Democracy Looks Like was compiled by directors Jill Friedberg and Rick 
Rowley from material shot by more than a hundred "media activists" who captured a 
side of the WTO protests largely ignored by the mainstream news media. 
This Is What Democracy Looks Like is narrated by actress Susan Sarandon and Michael 
Franti, leader of the leftist hip-hop group Spearhead; radical rock band Rage Against 
the Machine also appears in the film.

Extras included: 

* Interviews with Noam Chomsky and Vandana Shiva.
* WTO protests in Cancun 2003.
* The Birth Of Indymedia.
* Previews of: The Fourth World War, Black & Gold, Zapatista and Granito de Arena.
* ActivistResources.pdf

Cover Included.

More related material:
http://thepiratebay.org/user/BhangWalla