5 New Books & Magazines Available In This Pack:

Home & Property Magazine September Issue



Homes & Property provides a stylish, readable and intelligent treatment of all aspects of the property market every Wednesday and has established itself as an integral part of the fabric of the London housing scene since its inception ten years ago.

Expert writers guide you through the hidden gems of our capital's streets, give you the heads up on the must-have designs for your home and check out the serious issues of the day. Practical but aspirational this premier guide has become the ideal house hunting partner for discerning Londoners.

?Homes & Property is the market leader in its field. Its expert writers cover every aspect of London living and lifestyle. We bring you the insider information on the latest new homes, how to buy to let, and invest for your future.

How to create the most exciting interiors, and handle the tricky issues of space and light. We offer you the latest homeware, at often, bargain prices. We tackle the serious issues of the day talking with architects and environmentalists, guiding you through legal problems and home finance. This intelligent reporting has made Homes & Property the most popular property magazine for a decade.?

Janice Morley, Editor

The Homes & Property television show is a prime time ITV1 six-part series now in its second series. Produced by Talkback Thames (Grand Designs, Property Ladder) and presented by Alison Cork, Charlie Luxton and Sunita Shroff this show is an ideal brand extension to our magazine and offers fabulous, fast moving, big projection to complement our print media. The show concentrates on London and the people who live in it.

Prison Living Magazine, Volume 2, Issue 1, Free Digital Issue



Prisoners Are People Too!

Prison Living Magazine?s Mission Statement:

* Provide articles of inspiration, motivation and information that prisoners can apply in their unique lives.
* Help the general public see that prisoners are people also; some educated, artistic, skilled and eager to make positive contributions to society.
* Encourage families of prisoners and victims.

?I?ve been doing time since 1993 in two states and I?ve never found a better faith-centered magazine. So God bless you? This facility houses close to 600 inmates and close to 200 enjoy Prison Living. Most of them don?t even have a professing faith, so be encouraged with what God had given you guys there in Arizona. It?s working!!? Joshua Lawson, Crossroads Correctional Center; Shelby, Mont.

?After 13 years in prison, I never thought I?d see a magazine like this. I love the variety of issues and topics.? Jacob Barrett, Snake River Correctional Institution; Umatilla, Ore.

?I can?t tell you how good it made me feel to see that ?we? have been recognized as people and not only a ?convict with a number?. So I?d like to say thank you for caring and reaching out.? Sabrina Stewart, Central Mississippi Correctional Center; Pearl, Miss.

?I?m inspired by your mag and it?s uplifting for me to read in my state of despair of life in prison.? Edward H Thomas, Snake River Correctional Institution; Ontari, Ore.

GUNS Magazine, September 1957, PDF Version,



GUNS: Finest in the Firearms Field.

Guns is a magazine for the recreational and competitive shooter, hunter, collector, and firearm owner. Each issue features new products, shooting competitions, history, and trade show coverage. From handguns to shotguns, this monthly magazine provides the ultimate coverage in the field of firearms.Features proper gun use, hunting techniques, collecting, firearms legislation, and new guns and accessories.

Since 1955, sportsmen and enthusiasts have turned to Guns Magazine for the latest news on firearms, training, hunting, accessories and more. In the field or on the range, you'll find the information you need to make the shooting sports more enjoyable. (Magazines.com)

Advertising 2.0 by Paul Beelen



What everybody in advertising, marketing and media should know about the technologies that are reshaping their business. By Paul Beelen, February 2006.

This 20 page whitepaper explores the influence of technology in advertising, marketing and media, and the threats and opportunities triggered by the revolution of the new, social internet.

Introduction:

There has never been so much change in the way people communicate than there is right now. New generations use tools their parents don?t even understand, and young people consume news as easy as they create and publish it themselves. These shifts in communication will undoubtedly have consequences for the communication industry. Can advertising campaigns still be based on a mix between 30 second tv commercials, print ads in top-down media and below the line activities?

Roughly five years after the burst of the Internet bubble, developers and investors are regaining trust in the World Wide Web. But not in the web as we know it. This time it?s about conversation, cooperation, and empowerment of the masses. This time it is bottom-up, instead of top-down. People are taking back the web that companies have been trying to commercialize for the past 10 years, without much success. This time, the web is going social. Within the Internet community, this new, grown up version of the web is called Web 2.0.

If we combine the social aspects of new web applications (which I will explain later on) with technological developments such as the ever dropping price of hardware, the rise of wireless communications and the massification of mobile phones, we can start to see mayor changes in a lot of aspects today?s advertising relies on to be effective. This paper intends to explore these changes.

What?s the effect of an advertising campaign, in a world where every consumer has instant access to all hard data about any given product? How can we even reach these consumers in a media landscape that consists of millions of personal blogs, podcasts and time shifted television?

What is the role of marketing when consumers are directly connected to almost anybody within the companies they buy from? In this paper I will attempt to provide some answers (or at least clues), but for now, the best way to be prepared is to simply be aware of the fact that things are changing. Something has been set off, that is impossible to stopped. And it will force advertising to reinvent itself in quite a few ways.

The Chemistry of Health
 
http://www.asiaing.com/images/stories/book/Chemistry.of.Health.gif

This science education booklet describes how basic chemistry and biochemistry research can spur a better understanding of human health. The booklet highlights the research of a number of chemists and includes questions at the end of each chapter.

Forward:

How could anybody fit all of chemistry into 66 pages? You're skeptical that such a feat could possibly be accomplished, and with good reason. The Chemistry of Health cannot pretend to cover such an enormous area of science in so few pages. We wouldn't even want to try. Instead, this science education booklet aims to offer a sampling of how basic chemistry and biochemistry research can spur a better understanding of human health. We also want you to witness the fascination of research alive in today's chemistry labs.

Chemistry is anything but stale or static. Countless numbers of chemical reactions work ceaselessly inside your body, allowing you to think, breathe, and eat. Chapter 1, "Actions and Reactions," aims to convey the essential and wondrous notion that the chemistry inside your body never stops. Cascades of repeating biochemical relays keep your organ systems operating smoothly and efficiently. Your body's metabolic factories break down the food you eat and recycle the components back into basic building blocks from which your tissues and organs are built.

Scientists hunger for information since, like many others, they are curious people. But a key reason biological scientists strive to learn how living systems work is so they can redesign the broken metabolic circuits that contribute to many diseases. Chemists, like most biologists, want to learn how best to employ primitive organisms like bacteria and yeast, not only to probe fundamental biological questions but also to produce the valuable commodities we call medicines. Chapter 2, "Harnessing Biology's Magic," explores how biotechnology offers rich potential toward bettering human health....