Advanced Uninstaller PRO 2005 is now available. This major new release contains over 22 powerful tools which help you uninstall, control and manage the software on your computer. Using Advanced Uninstaller PRO 2005 you can: * monitor software installs and uninstall applications completely * optimize your system in several ways to make it run faster * find and delete duplicate files * edit your services and apply optimized service profiles * configure your Windows startup programs * find and remove the invalid shortcuts from your Start Menu and Desktop * manage your Internet Explorer plugins, BHOs, cookies, context menu items, toolbars and ActiveX controls * perform a complete clean-up of your system * defragment, clean and backup your registry * manage your fonts and Control Panel icons * ... and many other things (22 different tools are available) Add/Remove Plus has a single feature: it can uninstall programs. It doesn't have an installation monitor to monitor installations and uninstall programs completely, like Advanced Uninstaller PRO 2005 does. In addition to the uninstall feature, Advanced Uninstaller PRO 2005 has many other features: - Ease of use and a comprehensive help file, to get you started on using the program fast. All of the tools in the program are designed so they are safe and easy to use. - Installation monitor (monitor a program's setup and uninstall the program completely) - Startup manager (manage your startup programs) - Quick Cleaner (erase Internet Explorer history and also the history in over 100 applications) - Duplicate files finder (find and delete duplicate files) - Temporary files cleaner (clean garbage files and gain disk space) - Windows Services Manager (apply optimized services profiles to make your computer start and run faster) - Start Menu Cleaner (find and delete the shortcuts in your Start Menu that don't work any more, sort your Start Menu alphabetically, hide Start Menu items, etc) - a plethora of tools for configuring Internet Explorer, including uninstallers for IE plugins, BHOs, toolbars, context menu items, ActiveX, a cookie cleaner, etc. - Registry cleaner, defragmenter (optimizer) and backup (all the tools you need to take care of your registry properly) - Font manager (you can uninstall or disable fonts) - Control Panel manager (uninstall and manage Control Panel icons) - System reports, including installed programs report, Windows services report, startup programs report, etc. All of these are available in one easy to use and good-looking package.


Install notes:

1. Install using Advanced Uninstaller Pro 2005 V7.exe.
2. Copy uninstaller_patch.exe and Monitor_patch.exe to installation directory and apply.
3.  PLEASE SEED!!!! 

hxxp://www.innovative-sol.com/uninstaller/index.htm