Call of Duty: United Offensive (c) Activision              

Release Date : 9/15/2004 
Game Type : Action          
Release Size : 2 CD(s)        
Protection : Safedisc 3      

GAME INFORMATION: 
------------------- 
Expanding on the award-winning, epic and cinematic first-person action of 
Call of Duty, Call of Duty: United Offensive delivers more of WWII's most 
legendary conflicts by offering over 10 new levels in an all-new single 
player campaign, as well as nine new multiplayer maps. 


GAME FEATURES: 
---------------- 

* Cinematic Intensity: With enhanced special effects, improved graphics and 
new character abilities, Call of Duty: United Offensive offers more realism 
than ever before. Climb aboard authentic WWII jeeps, tanks and motorcycles, 
call in artillery strikes, and gain aerial support from fighter planes. 
With 14 new weapons at your disposal, you can cook off grenades, use a 
flamethrower or even bring out a deployable machine gun. Fight through snow 
and rain that impede your visibility, as you avoid spectacular explosions 
in realistically created wartime environments. 

* Brothers-in-arms: Bound together by the chaos of war, you and your 
squadmates must work together as one to lay down suppressing fire and 
coordinate attacks on entrenched positions. Your ability to accomplish 
mission objectives and eliminate enemies will rely on both individual skill 
and the tight-knit teamwork of your well-trained squad. 

* United Offensive: Experience the gripping combat of WWII through the eyes 
of Allied soldiers fighting for the liberation of Europe. Join the 101st 
Airborne for the climactic moments of the Battle of the Bulge. Fight as a 
British airman shooting down German ME-109s from the gunner position of a 
B-17 bomber, before transferring to Churchills elite S.O.E. and clearing 
the way for the invasion of Sicily. Follow your Russian comrades to 
experience the awesome firepower of tank warfare, both in the trenches and 
aboard T-34/85 tanks during the historic 8-day Battle of Kursk. 

* Expanded Multi-player Combat: Go online for the ultimate battle between 
Axis and Allied powers, now including tank combat as well as tank-and-foot- 
soldier combined arms action. Experience 8 new multiplayer maps and 3 new 
modes -- including Tank Battle, Capture the Flag and Domination -- where 
squads must take control of key locations while preventing enemy troops 
from advancing. A new ranking system lets you earn additional weaponry upon 
completion of objectives, and gain the respect of friends and foes alike.