
Sphere (1998)

Complete credited cast:
Dustin Hoffman	.... 	Dr. Norman Goodman
Sharon Stone	.... 	Dr. Elizabeth 'Beth' Halperin
Samuel L. Jackson	.... 	Dr. Harry Adams
Peter Coyote	.... 	Captain Harold C. Barnes
Liev Schreiber	.... 	Dr. Ted Fielding
Queen Latifah	.... 	Alice 'Teeny' Fletcher
Marga Gómez	.... 	Jane Edmunds
Huey Lewis	.... 	Helicopter Pilot
Bernard Hocke	.... 	Seaman
James Pickens Jr.	.... 	O.S.S.A. Instructor
Michael Keys Hall	.... 	O.S.S.A. Official
Ralph Tabakin	.... 	O.S.S.A. Official
  (more)



Runtime: 134 min  
Country: USA
Genre: Horror / Sci-Fi / Thriller (more)    
Language: Eng, Span
Region:PAL
Subtitles: Español, Inglés, Francés, Italiano, Arabe, Búlgaro, Checo, Croata, Danés, Esloveno, Frances, Finlandés, Griego, Hebreo, Holandés, Húngaro, Italiano, Islandés, Noruego, Polaco, Portugués, Rumano, Serbio, Sueco, Turco. 
Deleted: Menu, Audio German

Sinopsis:A thousand feet beneath the ocean surface in the middle of the Pacific, something has been discovered. Its origin, its structure, its malevolent energy are baffling. But whatever it is, it can reach into your mind. It knows your worst fears. And now it's starting to make those fears come true...

Dustin Hoffman stars as Dr. Norman Goodman, a psychologist who is unexpectedly summoned by the government to a spot in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. There, he joins a cadre of specialists supervised by a mysterious team leader named Barnes (Peter Coyote). Also joining them is Sharon Stone as Beth Halperin, a biochemist who shares a past with Goodman; and Samuel L. Jackson as Harry Adams, a skeptical mathematician. The hastily assembled project team is asked to embark on a mission to explore a massive spacecraft that appears to have been submerged, untouched, for almost 300 years on the ocean floor.

The team quickly travels undersea and takes up residence in a high-tech deep-water habitat while investigating the strange craft. In examining the submerged spacecraft, the team uncovers a remarkable sphere inside it. The sphere's purpose and design are enigmatic but it somehow seems to have intelligence -- and is inexplicably seductive.

As the team tries to unravel the meaning and function of the sphere, they become cut off from surface contact, their world limited to the claustrophobic habitat, the submerged craft, its baffling sphere -- and each other.

And then, a series of horrifying incidents begin to unfold around them. One by one, the crew's subconscious terrors become real as each person's worst fears become physically manifested. With time and oxygen running out, the team members begin to turn on each other in a frantic search for who -- or what -- is creating this terror.

AnyDVD, DvDRebuilder Pro + HC(2 pass)

- Reduction Level for DVD-5: 76.3%
- Overall Bitrate : 3'881Kbs
- Space for Video : 3'666'692KB
- HIGH/LOW/TYPICAL Bitrates: 4'773/3'242/3'881 Kbs