                                                                                
       Tales of the Abyss USA UNDUB 2.0 (c) NAMCO-BANDAI                        
                 hacked by somebody special                                     
                                                                                
                    --  Information  --                                         
                                                                                
  Origin:   USA+Japan                DVD(S):   1                                
  Released: December 25th, 2007      Format:   ISO                              
  Platform: Playstation 2 (PS2)      Files:    69 * 50MB                        
                                                                                
                    --  Description  --                                         
                                                                                
  Here's a treat for those of you who love Japanese RPGs but can't              
  stand the increasingly bad english voice jobs!  This UNDUB has                
  the USA english text with the original Japanese spoken dialog.                
                                                                                
  Version 2.0 now also restores voices for the mini-event skits.                
                                                                                
  Enjoy this great game the way it was meant to be played!                      
                                                                                
                    -- Release Notes --                                         
                                                                                
  The USA release of ToA had skit voices disabled entirely because              
  they were too lazy to dub them.  Unfortunately providing the JP               
  skit voices was not enough to undo this.
  
  Figuring out what they changed took a lot of analysis, made extra
  annoying due to a large amount of localization changes compiled
  into the game ... something like looking for a particular needle
  in a haystack full of needles.
  
  Fortunately, I got fresh motivation every time I saw one of those
  mute skits; now you can thank me each time you hear one. ;)
  
  Event, skit, battle and movie voices are now Japanese.  Yes, the
  few movies lack subtitles; live with it.  The temporarily missing
  voice bug in 1.01 is also fixed.
  
  Hackers/coders want to contact me?  Look for a fluffy kitty.
  
                   *** USA PUBLISHERS ***
  
  Please stop ruining your games with such horrible english dubs!
  We are forced to go to extremes like this because you are making
  the games we love unplayable!
  
  Consider multi-language or special-edition releases with the
  original high quality Japanese voices.
  
