CAST: Gia Paloma, Ava Devine, Laurel Berry, Kayla, Demi Marx

Mrs. Sanders wants something very special from her babysitter. She wants Gia to screw her husband. In fact, she even offers to pay her to do it. But Gia will not take extra cash for this particular job. After all, she has become very close to her employers, and nothing is closer than a threesome and a cock up the ass! When the wife's away and the kids are put to bed and the babysitter hops into the other with the husband it opens the doors to a lot of potential problems. But who can think of that when that young pussy is so tight and eager. And let's not forget that Laurel likes to have her little butt rammed too! Kayla was warned about her employer's weird uncle that would be hanging around the weekend she was supposed to watch the kids. She was not supposed to agitate him in any way. Does that mean having to suck his cock and ride him like a wild stallion? Whatever it takes, Kayla is ready to put her little pussy to the test. Demi is left alone with her father's friend and immediately finds herself with a cock in her mouth. What a nasty little thing! Oh well, hope the neighbors can't see him pounding her ass on the kitchen counter!

Scene 1: Ava Devine is a real ?Gatorade girl? ? she looks so right in plastic jugs. She propositions family babysitter Gia on her husband?s behalf, and Gia is taken aback ? a-door, ba-da-bing! Husband Alex grabs her by her pigtails while Ava spits in her snatch. Gia tears off her schoolgirl skirt and tears into Ava?s mammaries before lying under Ava, who gets it doggystyle. You have to love a babysitter who takes care of kids that have yet to be conceived. After a ton more oral oddities and manual labor, Papa Alex plows Gia?s asshole and blasts on Ava?s waiting tongue, demonstrating how great it is to be the man of the house.

Scene 2: Lying Laurel helps ditch Mrs. Good so she can start helping Mr. Good into her own ditch. They share a nice, long game of genital Bobble ? Laurel using the deep-throat skills she perfected when she was a Brownie, Mr. Good enjoying the taste of young babysitter, exquisitely presented in the Teen Brunette school of fucking. Our good man then spreads Laurel?s youth open wide, spread-eagling his tender charge and punishing her tight little pussy and ass. Thanks for the great service, but you can?t keep the tip! That face-full is all yours, though.

Scene 3: Alzheimer?s can be tough on everyone ? especially the babysitter. When the extremely agreeable Kayla agrees to play along with anything aging Uncle Harry might invent, her tight teen twat is in for some lowdown licking and missionary sticking, as Harry?s rare hard-on simply can?t be wasted. After a little PTM, Kayla rides the old man like he?s a hobby horse, takes it from behind on the leather couch, then Harry drips his ancient mariners into her open mouth. He can?t remember Kayla afterward, but hey, we never can, right guys?

Scene 4: Demi Marx isn?t the hottest pornstar out there. The brunette isn?t the prettiest, and she ain?t in the best shape. She does have nice, natural C-cups, though. And do you see those tattoos? That means she can really take it in the can! And take it she does, after sucking a mean dick and getting it from behind while bent over the automatic dishwasher. A quick PTM, and it?s straight to that ass. Demi takes an anal pounding on the kitchen floor before getting some white ?Marx? all over her face (the first big shot actually hits her in the ear and hair) and gets slapped a few times with that shitty cock. The tattoos say something about that too, I?m sure.

Screens:
 
http://www.imagefap.com/image.php?id=748661924
