The Stand, 1994

[IMG]http://i165.photobucket.com/albums/u65/kokas_photos/The_StandUkt.jpg[/IMG]

Guion: Stephen King
Genre: Terror
Director: Mick Garris
Cast: Gary Sinise, Molly Ringwald, Jamey Sheridan
Productor: Mitchell Galin, Michael Gornick, Stephen King
Photograph: Edward J. Pei
Music: W.G. Snuffy Walden
Runtime:345 min. aprox. (2 DVD5)
Extra features: scene detection
Audio: English and Spanish
Subtitles: English, Deutsch, Castellano, Svenska, Norks, Polski, Portugese, Slovenski, Turquish, Hrvatski, Ceske, Dansk,Islenka, English for impaired, and deutsh fur Hörgeschädigte
DVD9 to DVD5 Dvd Decrypter + Dvrebuilder + CCE (9 pass)
DVD1: - Overall Bitrate : 3.016Kbs
DVD2: - Overall Bitrate : 3.008Kbs

Synopsis:
The end of the world is just the beginning.
Enter a near future of a horrifically plague-ravaged Earth where a fraction of its population survives, compelling them to choose sides between the overwhelming forces of good and evil, in this critically acclaimed film version of Stephen King's phenomenal, number-one best-selling novel The Stand.
Millions perish, and as small, isolated frightened bands unite, the answers to their perpetual questions to justify this end of civilization are bared in their dreams - revelations that urge some to embrace a path of virtue and others to gravitate towards a sinister course of darkness. As the opposing forces separate into two camps - one led by the saintly Mother Abigail and the other demonic Randall Flagg - the noble elements try to shield themselves from their corrupt enemy, whose ruthless potency is increased by their domination of an excavated nuclear warhead. Their extreme clash of wills makes it inevitable that these remnants of humanity will soon engage in a final confrontation - The Stand - an immense and atrocious battle which could result in annihilating the power of good and hurdle the fate of the planet into the reins of evil.
The episodes motion picture, adapted for the screen by Stephen King himself, brings to life King's terrifying epic featuring an all-star powered cast including Gary Sinise, Molly Ringwald, Jamey Sheridan, Laura San Giacomo, Ruby Dee, Ossie Davis, Kareem Adul-Jabbar and Rob Lowe as "Nick Andros."

More details: www.solodvd.org