((This torrent contains the entire book along with color plates and cover images. Scanned and saved as .jpg files 72dpi 800px wide images. Please share this rare book around but encourage your local library to purchase a copy (as I did in order to obtain and scan this book)!))


((I will try to scan the second volume if and when our library gets it in, fingers crossed!))


The following info on the book itself is taken from:
h--p://www.mellenpress.com/mellenpress.cfm?bookid=5804&pc=9


A History of Games Played with the Tarot Pack The Game of Triumphs Volume I
Dummett, Michael, & McLeod, John
Description

This two-volume book gives as comprehensive a history as can be achieved at the present time of a family of card games that originated in the first quarter of the XV century, and is therefore one of the very oldest still practiced. It is the family of games played with the Tarot pack. Contrary to popular belief, the Tarot pack was not invented for fortune-telling or any other occult purpose: that was an accretion dating from the late XVIII century. It was invented to play a new kind of card game: its great contribution was to introduce the idea of trumps into card play. The games spread to France and Switzerland in the early XVI century, and subsequently over almost the whole of Europe. In doing so, it developed a great multiplicity of different forms: the family is far more diverse than any other, while retaining a constant central core.

This book will gather material that is widely scattered and very hard to come by, a good deal of it not otherwise accessible in print at all. It will therefore be an indispensable reference work for all who are interested in the history of this game or any particular branch of it. It will also give examples, more instructive than could be given from any other family of card games, of how games evolve. Finally it will be of prime value to any who wish to play one or more forms of the game.

Reviews

"Pr. Sir Michael Dummett is the leading authority on the history of the Tarot and John McLeod maintains the reference Internet site on card games. They have produced an impressively thorough compendium of all the rules of the game of Tarot that are documented. Doing this, they offer all researchers interested in the subject a powerful tool for the history and spread of the game of tarot and thus a great lesson in cultural history. The rigorous structure of each chapter facilitates comparisons and offers a comprehensive sight of the subject. With its many appendices and indices it will soon be a reference book for all historians....I strongly recommend this book." - Thierry Depaulis


Table of Contents

Table of Contents: VOLUME ONE List of Illustrations, Acknowledgments Preface Introduction 1. The Game of Tarot 2. The Early Stages of the Game in France and Switzerland 3. Classic Eighteenth-century Tarot outside Italy 4. Grosstarock 5. Swiss Tarot, Troggen or Troccas 6. Tarot in Lombardy 7. Tarok-l'Hombre 8. Tarot in Peidmont and Savoy 9. Modern French Tarot 10. Ferrera 11. Bolgonese Tarocchino 12. Minchiate 13. Rome and Naples 14. Sicilian Tarocchi VOLUME TWO List of Illustrations, Acknowledgments Preface Introduction 15. Tapp-Tarock 16. The Variants of Tapp-Tarock 17. Cego 18. Königrufen 19. XIXer-Rufen, XXer-Rufen and Czech Taroky 20. Hungarian Tarokk Afterword Appendix A - Counting points in Tarot Games Appendix B - Bidding procedures Appendix C -Other games played with Tarot cards Appendix D -Maps Appendix E -Index of Games by Types of Cards and Number of Players Detailed Table of Contents General Index Vol I: 0-7734-6447-6 $129.95/£79.95 401pp. 2004 Vol II: 0-7734-6449-2 $139.95/£84.95 508pp. 2004

ISBN10:  0-7734-6447-6   ISBN13:  978-0-7734-6447-6    Pages:  401    Year:  2004   

Subject Areas:  Europe - Anthropology, General - Anthropology