Hi all.

This is my 2nd edition of ULTIMATE

It was created using a x86 Retail Vista DVD.

I trimmed it down using vLite9.5 beta

Removed are:

Games(Nobody really plays these....do they?)
Foreign Languages(non-english)1.1GB worth of bloat....need I say more
Media samples(kind of like getting rid of those stangers that look sooo good in your new picture frame you just bought)
Speech support(voice recognition prog)
Welcome Center
Accessibilty options(for visually, phyiscally & hearing impaired)
Natural language(speech recognition) search
Display drivers(Your screen won't be blank.You'll just have to install your vid card drivers to get full functionality out of it.)
Printer drivers(Cuts 788MB off your install. You can install your specific ones.If you've lost'em, they should be available from manu.web site)
Error reporting(Bill & Co. don't really need to know everytime you try to hack into their progs..No?)
Tablet PC(Enables you to write on the screen)but 429MB worth of bloat.
Windows Defender(just like ET.....phones home....but it's to pick you up and take you to the Crow-Bar Hotel)
WinSat(Gives your PC a hardware rating....just to let you know you need a new one)
Easy transfer wizard(It was time to sort through the garbage anyways. Backup your stuff like you already should have been doing)

Tweaked:

Glass effect is forced(reason why most people want Vista anyway...No?)note: Your hardware must still support it.
UAC a.k.a. "The Greatest Annoyance of All Time" is disabled(but can be enabled if you choose to do so)
Hibernate is set to off on install(but, can also be turned back on)
Installation on system/w 256mb ram is enabled. But I'd like if someone could confirm this for me. I've had 2GB for the last 4yrs.


Instructions:1.Download this torrent.
             2.Burn the iso/w Alcohol 120%(nero works too)
             3.Insert DVD & restart...be sure your Bios is set to boot from DVD rom.
             4.Boot from disc when prompted(only this one time) I've heard of people try to boot from it multiple time during install/restart yadayada.
             5.Choose to install without a key & uncheck to automatically activate online box.
             6.When prompted, enter you user name,password & pick a silly picture for yourself.
             7.Choose your timezone. Congratulations.You now have a PC with one GIGANTIC virus on it. But it sure does look purdy.

As for cracks/activation...well I'm leaving that up to your choice. 

I personally like cLony's work. The All versions x86 x64 one or, the Vista All OneClick Activator.

The OEM activators aren't quite as easy to use, but they do work also.

Big thanx to vertigo173 (aka-GOD)

Cheerz.