Try EVE Online:

EVE-Online free 2-week trial (no credit card required)  
https://secure.eve-online.com/ft/?aid=101049&ad=dw

REVELATIONS is the first of three installments in EVE Online?s second major game expansion. The first expansion, EXODUS, revealed the escalating tensions between the Empires of EVE with its first installment, Cold War. In the second installment, Red Moon Rising, a galactic arms race forged the most powerful weapons ever constructed by man.

Enter REVELATIONS, in which the empires make their final push towards the brink of war. Uncharted regions of space shall open for pilots to explore, yielding vast wealth and the untapped resources needed to feed a hungry war machine. New innovations in weapons technology will provide pilots with the means to wage the battle for supremacy in the universe of EVE.

REVELATIONS, formerly code-named KALI, is being released in November 2006.
 
http://www.eve-online.com/features/revelations/

EVE-Online free 2-week trial (no credit card required)  
https://secure.eve-online.com/ft/?aid=101049&ad=dw

NEW TO EVE ONLINE?

EVE Online the Grand Theft Auto of MMO... in Space. 
It is a really crazy game I promise. 

ABOUT EVE ONLINE

The ultimate goal in EVE is power. It can be power over the market, military dominance, financial power, or political power. These are all achievable in EVE at degrees varying from local system, regional level, or even universe-wide. EVE caters to many different play styles, ranging from the hard core combat commander to the patient miner, and there are corporations that have very different goals; most require all types of players to function properly,so no matter what type of player you are, there is a place for you in EVE, even if you decide to carve it out yourself. 

The basic role-playing and space simulation aspects of EVE are really just the tip of the iceberg. When players band together to form factions and alliances, the game becomes a grand-scale strategic drama. Political intrigue, corporate espionage, and the very essence of Darwinism bring dimension and depth to the game as the struggle for fame and fortune ebbs and flows with each new day in EVE. 

However, the level at which each player decides to participate is a matter of personal choice. The game leaves ample room for continual progress and variety in all its solo playing aspects. For those who opt to do so, becoming the best lone-wolf pirate or bounty hunter is a never-ending task as the competitors are other human players who will employ every method at their disposal to gain an edge over the rest. Solo players are also able to hire out their services as mercenaries or hit men to other players or player-run corporations.? 

Try EVE Online:

EVE-Online free 2-week trial (no credit card required)  
https://secure.eve-online.com/ft/?aid=101049&ad=dw

CONCORD - Travel Warning 

Lasciate ogne speranza, voi ch'intrate, Dante Alighieri, Commedia 

EVE Online is set in an unknown portion of space, spanning thousands of solar systems, many of which are settled. 

This Travel Warning is being issued to remind all pilots of ongoing security concerns in low-sec Empire & 0.0 Space. This Travel Warning supersedes previous travel warnings. 

Pilots involved in commercial or property matters should be aware that the business environment is complex and dispute settlement mechanisms are not highly developed. Corporations often cite corruption and ineffective courts as serious problems. 

Safety and Security 

Alliances strictly enforces its immigration/visa requirements. Pilots have been attacked for territory violations. Violators may also be subject to substantial fines. 

Pilots should avoid travel to 0.0 space. Alliances restricts foreigners' travel to their territory; many carebears and NPC hunters were attacked in these territories by Alliance security forces in the past year.

Most alliances will kill on sight anyone entering their space even if you are neutral and especially if you are a member of a NPC corporation (you could be using an alternate identity and scouting for an opposing force. 

Pirates and carebears should maintain a low profile, vary daily routines, avoid crowds and demonstrations, and keep abreast of current EVE events. 

Piracy 

EVE piracy is a persistent and growing problem in low-sec and 0.0 space, targeting primarily commercial vessels. The majority of piracy attacks occur in low-sec (<0.5) and 0.0 space. Before traveling by ship in these areas, pilots are advised to review the current security situation with their corporation and alliance members. 

Due to ongoing concerns about the possibility of pirate attacks directed against alliances or other corporation and interests, CONCORD continues to warn pilots to defer non-essential travel to low-security space. 

Always be alert even in empire; the cost of a few suicide battleships is nothing compared to the price of a Tech 2 BPO. 

Never travel when away from keyboard. You deserve to die. 

If pirates are scrambling you and you lost your tank, do not wait until you're into structure, CEASE FIRE & STOP YOUR ENGINE. Attempt to comply with all instructions from the hijackers, and also make it clear that you are willing to pay a ransom. 
You will have no more than thirty seconds to transfer the ISK. 

If you beg for help or smack in local, you'll die a violent death. 

If you really don't have the money, offer the pirates to eject from your ship; they will let you and your pod warp to safety. 

If you are a slow keyboard type, use the EVE notepad facility to your advantage to cut and paste cooked answers. 

Don't hesitate to ask your attackers for tips and advise. 

Be polite (say thank you) and never smack in local after paying your ransom; you don't need to make a fool of yourself. 

Once I attacked a merlin, which appeared later to be a harpy. I didn't live long but it was fun, convo'd the pilot and joked about my mistake and thanked him for the fight. He congratulated me for my fair-play and gave me a full mil of isk, about twice the value of my ship. 

Calm yourself and enjoy the moment.

ALREADY AN EVE ONLINE PLAYER? JOIN SNIGGWAFFE!

You can kill without remorse and derive pleasure from the death of hundreds of innocent pilots. 

SniggWaffe is open again for your pirating pleasure. This corporation is to serve as a training ground for potential Snigg.erdly recruits and eventually a corp that can hold its own in a fight. 

For those of you who don't know us, SNIGG is one of the oldest active pirate corps left in EVE. We do it all, belt piracy, gate camping, ransoming, sentry tanking, sniping, fleet ops, and small gangs, both in 0.0 and empire. So if you want to come learn how to pirate from some of the best in the game then SniggWaffe is the place for you. 

The minimum requirement is that you can use electronic warfare or propulsion jamming. If you can't warp scramble or jam/sensor dampen then you won't be of much use. But these skills don't take long to train, so get to it! Also, a Microphone will be REQUIRED. 

This is NOT AN ALT CORP. I will not be accepting known alts from any major corporations in EVE. If you happen to have an alt char who keeps a low profile somewhere and just makes a little isk on the side that is fine, but if we find out that you are actively PvP'ing or involved in politics with your other character then you will be promtply removed from Snigg/Sniggwaffe. 

Want to be a pirate, join the "sniggwaffe hr" channel in game. 

Recruitment Officers: 

US: Drako Markam, Barock, Seth Rock 
Euro: Narciss, Schroni 
Asia/ANZ: Mulla Nasrudin