MyTraffic X version 5.0 ist the first version of MyTraffic for Microsoft Flight Simulator X. By design, it is built to support all the new features FSX has to offer, like jetways docking to the AI aircrafts or luggage carts and other ground vehicles servicing them. 

Like MyTraffic 2006 for FS9, this iteration of MyTraffic introduces the 'AI Time Machine', allowing users to simulate traffic from any year in the past half century. 
 

To accommodate for the new featurtes of FSX and the new traffictoolbox, the internal workings of the Editor have been overhauled to integrate more complex algorithms, support for multi-threading and the addition of a more user friendly method to add individual flights. The Editor now includes data about retired aircraft, old liveries and defunct airlines. 

Overall, MyTraffic includes 475,000 daily flights (civil, military, amphibian and general aviation traffic). 

Features: 

3.300.000+ weekly AI Flights - MyTraffic 2006 includes over 3,300,000 (yes, that's correct - more than three million) AI flights between 7,800 airports in all regions of the world. These flights include international, national, regional, commuter, general aviation, cargo, amphibian airlines, military and touch and go circuits. 

Flights are generated based on a realistic model - All traffic is generated based on real-life traffic patterns. You will see airlines at airports and hubs which are consistent with their real-world operations. MyTraffic X also includes a set of long range flights based on published airline schedules giving you a high level of realism without the boring uniformity of products that restrict themselves solely to published schedules. 

7,800+ Airports bustling with AI Traffic - MyTraffic X flies AI Traffic between more than 7,800 airports in all corners of the world. All aircraft behave realistically during different phases of their flight. Parking positions are also assigned in an accurate manner. For example, airliners will taxi to their gates, cargo aircraft will park at cargo positions situated near the respective airport cargo facilities. AI Traffic will behave in the same way even at add-on sceneries, provided that they are fully FSX compatible. 

Touch and Go flights into more than 100 small airfields. 

Airliner, General Aviation and Military Traffic - With MyTraffic X you get yourself the only AI Traffic generator that treats all three types of aviation traffic with the same priority. You will not have to compromise one for the other! And not only for current schedules, even going back in history to the beginning of the jet age. 

3000+ Liveries - MyTraffic X includes well over 3000 aircraft liveries and this number will keep growing, coming from more than 1400 different airlines (among them military units located at their home bases). 

154+ Aircraft Models - From Boeing to Yakolevs and Cessnas to Embraers, MyTraffic includes them all. All models are created with GMAX optimized for high frame rates even at very busy airports. Most of these aircrafts have been overworked in GMAX specially for FSX, to remove display errors as well as to increase performance beyond the one offered by Microsoft stock planes. Bringing realistic AI traffic to all parts of the world, MyTraffic can be oftenly observed to provide better performance even with more aircrafts around you than FSX stock AI traffic. 


with many thanks to FSSR & MoBig