Putumayo Presents:
Oliver Mtukudzi - Tuku Music 1999
"It is high time the rest of us have a chance to see what has made "Tuku" such a treasure in his homeland." - Bonnie Raitt 
Rip VBR
Covers Included.

From Miriam Makeba's early hits to the recent explosion of Reggae, African and World music in concerts and radio, I've loved everything I've heard of African music. I learned a lot listening to NPR shows like "Afrodesia" and "Morning Becomes Eclectic." In the early '80s, I started playing with Ricky Fataar, who started out drumming with The Flames, the band of brothers who became a teenage phenom in their native Durban, South Africa in the 60s. He and some other band members turned me on to lots of great African music, including Ladysmith Black Mombazo and the Indestructible Beat of Soweto collections. We were also lucky enough to play on some festivals with Mali's great Ali Farka Toure, Nigeria's King Sunny Ade and Paul Simon's amazing Graceland musicians. 
A few years ago, while we were traveling on the tour bus, our bassist and resident musicologist, Hutch Hutchinson, played the soundtrack from a Zimbabwean movie called Jit, featuring music from legendary superstar, Oliver Mtukudzi. When I heard the song "What's Going On," something happened. To try to explain it is like asking somebody why they love chocolate. The arrangement was so gentle and haunting. The juxtaposition of what Oliver sings about (a man confronting his wife's lover) and his raw, imploring vocal reminded me of Otis, Toots and some of my favorite reggae-an odd pairing of agonizing, thorny lyrics over basically lighthearted music. I haven't had that kind of response to a song since I was a kid listening to "Satisfaction." I asked Hutch to make me a tape of the CD and listened to it over and over. Then I got the soundtrack and the video, and some of Oliver's other recordings. I wanted to meet him, see him perform, maybe collaborate. I was completely smitten. 


Tracklist:
Dzoka Uyamwe 
Tsika Dzedu 
Mai Varamba 
Ndima Ndapedza 
Tapindwa Nei 
Todii 
Mabasa 
Rirongere 
Wake Up 


This is one of the many Putumayo┬┤s records I have in mind to upload, so please help keep seeding after you downloaded.
Enjoy It!
Ulysses56