Vinyl Flac Project VFP-07021521

Roots of the Blues
New World Records
Recorded Anthology of American Music, Inc.
Producer: Alan Lomax

01 - Henry Ratcliff, Bakari-Badji - Louisiana + Field Song from Senegal.flac
02 - John Dudley - Po' Boy Blues.flac
03 - Tangle Eye - Katie Left Memphis.flac
04 - Leroy Miller and a group of prisoners - Berta, Berta.flac
05 - Fred McDowell and Miles Pratcher - Old Original Blues.flac
06 - Ed Young and Lonnie Young - Jim and John.flac
07 - Alec Askew - Emmaline, Take Your Time.flac
08 - Miles Pratcher and Bob Pratcher - Buttermilk.flac
09 - Leroy Gary - Mama Lucy.flac
10 - Miles Pratcher and Bob Pratcher - I'm Gonna Live Anyhow Till I Die.flac
11 - Tangle Eye and a Group of Prisoners - No More, My Lord.flac
12 - Rev. Crenshaw and the Congregation of New Brown's Chapel (Memphis) - Lining Hymn and Prayer.flac
13 - Fred McDowell - Death Comes a-Creepin' in my Room.flac
14 - Congregation of New Brown's Chapel (Memphis) - Church-House Moan.flac
15 - Bessie Jones - Beggin' the Blues.flac
16 - Rose Hemphill and Fred McDowell - Rolled and Tumbled.flac
17 - Fred McDowell, Miles Pratcher, and Fannie Davis - Goin' Down the Races.flac
18 - Forrest City Joe - You Gotta Cut that Out.flac



The Vinyl Flac Project (VFP) is inspired by the Avant Garde Project (AGP) but with the idea of being open to everybody.  Everybody is encouraged to create VFP torrents and start sharing rare vinyl records. 

The twentieth century saw a vast body of music released on vinyl, which was never re-released in a digital format, especially works within the art music genres (classical, avant-garde, experimental, electronic, contemporary, jazz, blues, folk, world, ethnic, marginal progressive rock, early recordings, 78s, wax cylinders and other rarities.)  These records are in danger of being extinct, along with their historical and educational values.  

The amount of work required to digitize all music is enormous and only an internetwide collaborative effort can save these rarities from extinction.  So start contributing today.  Digitize your rare records before they go bad.  

The guidelines for VFP are pretty simple:
1. Each torrent should include a full record (or several), don?t make compilations.
2. Include a scan of the record cover (front and back) and preferably an OCR scan of the sleeve notes (jpg, txt, pdf, or any other standard format)
3. Save the files in flac (free lossless audio codec)
4. files should be tagged 
5. Track name format: track - artist - title.flac
6. Include this text file
7. In order to maintain a unique designation for each album, assign each VFP release a number in the following manner: YYMMDDHH (Year, Month, Day, Hour with two digits for each, use the 24 hour clock for the hour), for example VFP-07012205 would be the nnumber for a release that was uploaded on 22 Jan 2007 between 5am and 6am (don't worry aobut time zones)
8. Include the words ?Vinyl Flac Project" and the release number (VFP 07012205)? in the torrent comments to make searches easy.  Also include some information about the album - the more the better (track list, performers, and this text)


Thanks for saving the music
