SICKO
-----

This is a high quality release.  It is NOT a pot cam.

It's 2007, and almost 50 million Americans are uninsured, and those who are covered are often victims of insurance company fraud and red tape. Interviews are conducted with both types, including former employees of insurance companies, who describe cost cutting initiatives that encourage bonuses for insurance company physicians to deny life saving medical treatments for policy holders.

In Canada, Moore speaks to his relatives and other Canadians about their health care system. He learns about Tommy Douglas, who was voted the Greatest Canadian in 2004 for his contributions to the Canadian health system. Moore interviews a microsurgeon and people waiting in the emergency room of a Canadian public hospital.

The history of health care debate in the U.S. is explained, as pundits argue against universal health care systems with the backdrop of 1950s-style anti-communist propaganda. A record distributed by the American Medical Association in the 1960s, narrated by Ronald Reagan, warns that universal health care could lead to communism. To counter this statement Moore shows images of American police, fire service, postal service, public education and community libraries, which are said to be "socialized" services that have not led to communism. The origins of the Health Maintenance Organization Act of 1973 become evident in a taped conversation between John Ehrlichman and President Richard Nixon on February 17, 1971, leading to the expansion of the modern HMO-based health care system. Connections are highlighted between Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), the lobbying arm of the largest drug companies in the United States, lobbying groups in Washington D.C., and the United States Congress. Hillary Clinton, who once championed the Clinton health care plan, is called the Senate's second-highest recipient of health care industry campaign donations.

In a National Health Service (NHS) hospital in the United Kingdom, Moore attempts to find in-hospital expenses incurred by patients, only to be told laughingly that there are no out-of-pocket payments. Pharmaceuticals are free of charge if one is younger than 16 and older than 60, and subsidized so only a maximum of ?6.65 is charged. Moore finds a counter labeled "Cashier", discovering that low-income patients receive money to reimburse their trip to the hospital. Interviews include Tony Benn, a British former Member of Parliament, an NHS general practitioner, and an American woman residing in Great Britain.

In France, Moore interviews the head of Obstetrics and Gynecology in a French hospital, and a group of Americans living in France. He also rides with "SOS Médecins", a 24-hour French medical service that provides house calls by physicians. Moore says that the French government provides exceptional social services, such as day care for $1 an hour, and neonatal support that includes cooking, cleaning, and laundry services for new mothers.

Interviews with 9/11 rescue workers who volunteered after the September 11, 2001 attacks reveal that they were denied government funds to care for physical and psychological maladies they had subsequently developed, including respiratory disease and PTSD. Unable to receive medical care in the U.S., the 9/11 rescue workers sail from Miami to Cuba on three speedboats in order to obtain free medical care provided for the enemy combatants detained at the U.S. Guantanamo Bay detainment camp. The group arrives at the entrance channel to "Gitmo" and Moore uses a megaphone to request access, pleading for the 9/11 victims to receive treatment that is on par with the medical attention the "evildoers" are receiving. Moore gives up when a siren is blown from the base, and the group moves on to Havana, where they purchase cheap medicine and receive free medical treatment. Providing only their name and birth date, the volunteers are hospitalized and receive medical attention; Moore asks the physicians to provide the same level of care they would give to Cuban citizens.

Moore emphasizes that people should be "taking care of each other, no matter the differences". To demonstrate his personal commitment to this theme, Moore sends an anonymous US $12,000 cheque to Jim Kenefick, webmaster of MooreWatch, which Moore describes as "the biggest anti-Moore website on the internet." Kenefick was forced to close the website because he needed US $12,000 to pay for his wife's medical treatment. Moore explains his charitable contribution, saying he doesn't want the health care system to trump the first amendment. Upon receipt of the anonymous cheque, Kenefick calls the anonymous Moore his "Guardian Angel", and continues to criticize Moore on his website.



Run Time: 2 hrs 4 minutes


For more information or to purchase other Micheal Moore movies, please visit: 
http://www.michaelmoore.com/


For more information/video clips of this movie, please visit the official movie site: http://www.sicko-themovie.com/


------------------------------------------------------------------------

Additional information on September 11th, NWO, the Illuminati and the great threat to you can be found at www infowars com or www.prisonplanet.com

------------------------------------------------------------------------
