This is a really awesome 3 inch CD-r released on Antiopic Records as part of their Live Series, this is worth a lot of repeated listens. This was ripped in EAC and encoded in Lame -aps.

Carlos Giffoni: computer, synth, guitar
Lee Ranaldo: guitar, firebell
Jim O'Rourke: synth

Recorded 31 August, 2003, North Six, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, NY
Recorded by Bob Teagan (room) and Dave Curran (soundboard)
FOH mix by Dave Curran
Edited/mixed by LR @ Eho Canyon NYC, assisted by Aaron Mullan
Mastered by Tim Barnes at Quakebasket
Photography: LIsbon #80 (2003) by LR

Info:

 A seething, screaming set of power electronics and guitar with hardly a moment's pause for air, this recording finds the trio of Carlos Giffoni (computer, synth, guitar), Lee Ranaldo (guitar, firebell) and Jim O'Rourke (synth) in devastating form. This is classic free bombast, alternately sounding like a "rock band" interpretation of Merzbow's Rainbow Electronics or a punk update of a Musica Elettronica Viva session. The instantly identifiable Ranaldo/Sonic Youth guitar sound is joined by blurting digital scree and analog filter abuse, melding to create a heavy tidal rush of ecstatic cosmic noise. The bliss of the set is confirmed by the Brooklyn audience's joyful reaction at the close.

    "North Six is a mind-bogglingly great trio recording from two adepts and an up-and-coming interventionist. Definitively old-school noise in inclination, the performers repeatedly set bombs and deviant devices of their own making against each other, stoking a great astral spat. A wild plume of electric-fire smoke invades the performance space as Ranaldo's guitar is repeatedly speared by silver darts of electronics. This tactic only serves to illuminate those moments where the six-string suddenly soars out of the thick air and propels the improvisation far into the stratosphere, Giffoni and O'Rourke's duelling synths sparking like stars communing in abstract constellations."
    - Jon Dale, Stylus Magazine, July 2004

    "Ranaldo's electric guitar strafes and scorches, a snarling onslaught of clangs and feedback screeches. Giffoni plays guitar and computer, and he and O'Rourke use synthesizers like mean action painters, splurging, dripping and recklessly splashing the sounds around."
    - Julian Cowley, The Wire, #248

    "...fissions those blissful feedback codas of Lee Ranaldo and Jim O'Rourke's full-time outfit into their rawest atoms."
    - Joe Panzner, Grooves 015

    "...like being slapped by violent rain while riding a bike."
    - Massimo Ricci, Touching Extremes, August 2004

    "If ever there was a lo-fi punk version of musique concrete, then it must be this trio... Essential listening for those who love noise..."
    - Frans de Waard, Vital Weekly #430