11 songs
recorded live in frankfurt 2004 and linz 2006
160kb mp3
plus covers

This is a netCD. Which means you can?t buy it in stores (if you did, tell us and we?ll sue the one who sold it to you!), but you can download it here for free. 
Beneath you find 11 songs and the cover art. Grab them all and burn the CD by yourself, print out the covers and, voila, you got a full 60 mins Aquarian Age Live CD.
10th anniversary of "Birth" ... and Love
In February 1997,  it happened to be my birthday, we presented our first ep called "Birth" in a concert in Lambach, Upper Austria. We invited friends to perform with us (like the great Austrian sax player Christian Bachner and other fine musicians) and many people came to see us and buy CDs. A girl who knew our drummer Robert took her female friend to the concert and by chance we came to talk after the concert. I?m with her since that night, and we now have two wonderful children. Needless to say it was a great evening!
Something to celebrate!
We will celebrate this anniversary with a concert in February 2007. But for all people out there all over the world, who like our music, supported us and showed respect (and of course the ones that became friends!) and can?t be there I want to give you this live music and hope you?ll enjoy it like we enjoy playing our songs! Nothing fancy, just us three playing our songs!
Download the files and burn yourself a CD!
Please feel free to download the files (mp3, 160kb) and covers and make yourself a Aquarian Age Live CD. IT?S FREE! If you like it, burn it again and give it to your friends, as often as you want, as long as it is for personal use! As our drummer Robert often said - this music must be played!

However, DO NOT broadcast this songs or use them for any form of commercial reasons without permission (all songs are filed at AKM Austria, a copyright society like ASCAP or GEMA)! 

Hope you?ll enjoy this CD, if so, please tell us, f.e. by signing our guestbook! If you want to support us, please feel free to buy our CDs at Artistlaunch or single songs at Itunes or other Digital Music Distributors. Thank you!(taken from: http://www.aquarianage.at/liveCD.htm)

 

tracks:


Questionmark
Love Is Blind
With My Eyes
Madhouse Window
Hypnotized
Power Of Your Love
Round Round Round
Perfect Day
Mirror Mirror
Sweet Love Of Mine
Down To The Top
	

Christian Grill  guitar, vocals
Gerold ?Moarly? Mayr bass, b-vocals
Robert Gremelmayr drums
Gabriel Herbst sax on ?madhouse window?		