Primus - Animals Should Not Try To Act Like People
-----------------------------------------
DVD/CD WITH ORIGINAL DRUMMER TIM ALEXANDER 
Les Claypool, Larry LaLonde and Tim Alexander are back as Primus. On October 7, Prawn Song/Interscope Records
 released "Animals Should Not Try To Act Like People." This two disc package combines the long awaited career
 spanning Primus DVD, along with a CD containing 5 new songs. Listen to Pilcher's Squad now! 

Orders available now at www.clubbastardo.com/music.html. 
 

The folks at Zoltron (in conjunction with the band) have pulled out all of the stops to create a 
comprehensive 3+ hour DVD that will satisfy the most hardcore fans. It compiles all 12 of the Primus videos,
including the rarely seen "Too Many Puppies" clip directed by Kevin Kerslake, the stop-motion animation 
classic "Southbound Pachyderm," and the innovative "Wynona's Big Brown Beaver." 
Also included are the award winning short animated film "The Devil Went Down To Georgia" and the out of 
print 1992 home video release "Cheesy Home Video." The DVD has short documentaries on the making of 
"Mr. Krinkle" and "Wynona's" as well as "The Making of the Brown Album (Back In Brown)," which have 
never been seen before. 

Live performances on the DVD cover every single era of the band's career, from a 1989 college radio appearance, 
to Woodstock '94, to latter day shows with Brain (just to name a few). A rarities section even includes pre-Ler 
and Tim performances from the eighties with first guitarist Todd Huth, and drummers Jay Lane and Tim "Curveball" 
Wright. 
And if that wasn't enough, there is still more: backstage footage, discography, a Primus photo gallery and more. 

"It seems of late that bands are adding supplemental DVD material to their album releases to promote record sales.
 We've done the opposite. We've added a supplemental audio recording of brand new music to an extremely 
comprehensive DVD of classic visuals. Also, we've enlisted the incredible talents of some local artists to create 
a cutting edge, interactive interface," adds Claypool. 

Previews of the DVD are available for viewing with the Primus Media Player, and through Rolling Stone Magazine.
 

In June, three old friends reconvened at Rancho Relaxo and recorded 5 new songs. Some of these musical ideas were 
generated in May in LA, when Les Claypool, Larry Lalonde and Tim Alexander (don't call him "Herb") first got back 
together and spent 3 days jamming, testing the waters, feeling each other out and working on new jams. 
Listen to audio clips of the new songs:

 

 
http://www.primusville.com/frames/ftour.html


http://www.primusville.com/
http://www.primusville.com/home/home.html
http://www.primusville.com/frames/fmutation.html

OK Heres the deal. We were making a menu, like the original dvd's menu to point to these DIVX files, but it 
wasnt working well:(. We had discussed making a menu fom HTML, JAVA, And flash, but dont think you would use it, 
so we just arent gonna do it. Instead, here are the files,
Video ripped in DIVX home theatre quality
Audio ripped in Nero MP3 Pro @ 128 kb/sec.
The original menu system was really cool, and we dont yet possess the skill to do it justice.
Enjoy, and if you request the full size dvd with menus, we will post it, otherwise we wont. PM joe, or comment requesting,
and they will be posted, but the original dvd is a HUGE file(7.69 GB).
Much Love,
Joe Schmoe
----AND----
Eugene Blakeley, interstellar Communications.