Lacrimas Profundere - Filthy Notes for Frozen Hearts

Genre: Gothic
Type: Album
Songs: 13
Rls Date: 06-06-2006
Company: Napalm
Cat Nr: n/a
Encoder: LAME
Quality: VBR/44,1/Joint-Stereo
Grabber: Audiograbber
Source: CDDA
Size: 73.5 MB
Length: 47:28 min

Tracklist

01.My Velvet Little Darkness                      
02.Again It's Over                                
03.Not to Say                                    
04.No Dear Hearts                                 
05.Short Glance                                   
06.Filthy Notes                                  
07.Sweet Caroline                                 
08.An Irresistable Fault                          
09.To Love Her on Knees                           
10.Sad Theme for A Marriage                       
11.Should                                         
12.My Mescaline                                  
13.Shiver

Exactly two years after 'Ave End' we can enjoy again a dark gothic masterpiece full of "rock 'n' sad music". 'Filthy Notes For Frozen Hearts' sends shivers down your spine on the score of the low, warm voice of Christopher Schmid, a master in melancholic vocals, and fetching songs, mostly written by guitarist Oliver Nikolas.

This time the album was produced by John Fryer, a man who worked earlier with bands such as Him, Paradise Lost, Cradle Of Filth and Depeche Mode. If we count in the extra track 'Shiver', this means thirteen outstanding songs with a catchy temperament, without ever losing depth. Most of the songs are up to mid paced stunners with strong refrains you will recognize after a few spins. De single 'Again It's Over' is a nice example of that. A video clip was shot for this track and it is the featuring song on a six-track MCD with three non album tracks. Some of the songs are introduced by magnificent piano sounds, but another salient feature of the album are the heavy riffs. On the other hand, the band once again rules with some heartbreaking, sensitive ballads. 'Short Glance' and the with strings relished 'Sad Theme For A Marriage' are dreamy, contemplative songs that are fine to listen to, but the extremely marvellous 'My Mescaline' is my personal favourite. This album sounds as if Sisters Of Mercy suddenly decided to cover Type O'Negative, Him, Sentenced or The 69 Eyes, they say in the biography and I cannot think of a better summary. Top class of a band who always had a warm place in my heart, since the very beginning.

Enjoy