Sammie Rhodes & Hillary Scott - scene from `Anal Princess Diaries #1` 
(lesbian, anal)

Cast:
Sammie Rhodes & Hillary Scott 

Sex ingredients:
Sexy outfits. Touching. Kiss. Topless. Hillary eats Sammie, uses vib, 4 fingers her. Hillary anal solo & butt plug, anal dildo. Sammie anal butt plug. Hillary double anal toys. Strap-on dildo anal for Sammie & then Hillary. Dildo BJ clean up.


Scene review:
Hillary goes after Sammie next, talking to her about the joy of anal action while they both see how young and cute they can look. Hillary breaks out Sammieâ??s amazing rack and kneads and kisses it before moving down south to see how Sammieâ??s pussyâ??s reacting to all the rubbing sheâ??s giving it. Hillary tongues Sammieâ??s shaved slit and works on it lightly with a pocket rocket as she coaxes it up to four fingers. She lets Sammie taste her fingers before lying back and showing Sammie how easy she can take a finger in her ass. Sammie helps her out by licking Hillaryâ??s ass and working on it with a few toys as well as kissing and slapping Hillary at her request. She even sucks the dildo clean as it comes out of Hillaryâ??s ass before lying back and letting Hillary work on her ass. Hillary starts her out with a small buttplug before moving her up to a jackrabbit vibe after letting Sammie know that something that small couldnâ??t make her cum. Sammie also lets her have a big pink dildo that she makes Sammie taste and beg to have back in her ass while mixing in a little more oral action. Hillary lies back and lets Sammie work on her ass with a pair of large toys before breaking out a strap-on and letting Sammie impale her ass on it reverse cowgirl style. Hillary gets on the other end of the strap-on letting Sammie impale her ass on it before they finish things up sharing a kiss.

This is a smoking hot scene! The girls have great chemistry and do a great job making the domination switches work. They both take it in the ass very well and look like they enjoy every single thrust while at the same time wrapping it around a generic setup that they make work much better than most others have. This is an excellent scene!


512 x 384
.avi
25:06 mins.


SCREENS:
 
http://www.jam-hot.com/details.php?id=10070



For more nush-nush:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/deirdre1987/





.

