A LEGAL TORRENT FOR A CHANGE

This is a broad based selection of the music I have been working on on the PC. Every track has been played on a TMK88 Midi Keyboard or an Electric Bass Guitar (made by me), through an E-MU 0404 Sound Card into various music software packages, e.g. Sonar, Cubase, etc. I have used some of my favourite instruments including a Grand Piano and a peach of a Scream Lead Guitar (modified from the standard by me).

Recognition should go to the original Artists/Composers (where known) and to "Erik" (this may or may not be his real name!) who helped with the Techo track. I don't think I owe any copyright fees to any of these people because they are:

A)   Long Dead.
B)   Too rich already.
C)   Unlikely to see this stuff.

or the music track is:

A)   Not quite the same as the original.
B)   An utterly crap rendition of their masterpieces in their opinion.

Phew - that should keep the Thought Police off my case.

The Track List is:

Comfortably Numb      (Pink Floyd)    - Just a classic
Erik Techno           (Anoymous/?)    - Thanks to Erik)
Fur Elise             (Beethoven)     - Nice easy one to learn (ha ha)
Maple Leaf Rag        (Scott Joplin)  - What he is best known for
No Regrets            (Scott Walker)  - Features Scream Lead Guitar!
See The Light         (Clockmender)   - You will probably not like this!
Take My Breath Away   (Berlin)        - I like the Bam Bam Synth on this
The Entertainer       (Scott Joplin)  - This made him famous
Tubular Bells         (Mike Oldfield) - This is the "Introduced Instruments" bit
Whiter Shade Of Pale  (Procul Harem)  - Another classic


Notes:


1)   Caveat Emptor!

2)   Don't be too frightened to download these as there are no vocals. This is
     because I cannot sing and I can't find anyone locally who can!

3)   They are not in any particular order (other than Aplhabetic) so you can
     arrange them how you like.

4)   If you like the music - drop me an email at TPB and I may be encouraged to do 
     some more, oh and tell your mates!.

5)   If you don't like it - well I'm sorry to have wasted your bandwidth and you
     can always delete it immediately. You may NOT however, send me insulting mail 
     because you don't like it!

6)   Have fun with these - If you would like the Midi Files to play with yourself -
     again mail me at TPB with an email address and I will gladly send them to you.



Keep up the good work and lets all make the pirate bay a better, safer and tiny bit more legal place to be (snigger snigger).


Cheers shipmates!


Clockmender


PS I think I own the copyright to these tracks and I hereby give permission to any TPB user to download, copy, play, modify or otherwise use these files. (this is a little joke at guess who's expense)

PPS Why don't some more users publish some legal material - I'm sure it will enhance the good standing of The Pirate Bay within the Legal Authorities/copyright owners ,etc. etc.