Ntsc
English
100 percent retail





link
http://www.xbox.com/en-us/prisonerofwar/default.htm?level1=enusgames&level2=catalog&level3=prisonerofwar


Prisoner of War is a new kind of escape adventure game that captures the intrigue, danger and heroism of Allied escape attempts from POW camps during World War II. Only the player's bravery, stealth and cunning will win the day! 
 
The routine of an Allied Prisoner of War in a 1941 POW camp is ruled by the daily cycles of regimented routine ? roll calls, mealtimes, exercise and the ever-present guard patrols. However, for the more determined prisoner, identifying and exploiting the loopholes in such a routine opens all kinds of possibilities...
 
For Captain Lewis Stone, American airman and POW in Stalag Luft, it's those loopholes that could provide the key to uncovering German military secrets and mounting a daring escape plan.
 
Held a POW, Stone makes contact with a cadre of long-term prisoners and he discovers a new weapon is indeed being developed in the camp by German scientists. Using quick wits, information and stealth, Stone has to work around the guards to report his findings to Churchill's Special Operations Executive in London. Fearing that the weapon development may give Hitler an unbeatable edge in World War II, London charges Stone with uncovering the Nazi's plans.



Features  
 
 

Travel between very different and realistically modelled Prisoner of War camps including Stalag Luft and Colditz Castle 
Many different missions and goals insure a variety of gameplay; making use of disguises, posing as a German guard, stealing cars and even sabotaging equipment 
Game environment changes through revisiting locations in different seasons 
Fellow prisoners can assist Stone in different ways ? possibly for a price 
Engineer escapes and call in Allied air strikes for support 
Tone, timing and style of the dynamic score changes and develops at the player's pace depending on how the game is played
 
 
 
Game Information  
 
 
Publisher
Codemasters 

Developer
Wide Games Limited 

Street Date
July 2002 

Price
$49.99 

 
Rating
Teen

 

 
 
 
 
  
 



