Hey people, 
Want something with real good protection from major leading company's to stop Virus, Hackers, Spyware, and other junk files being stored on your computer. Well Here's something new for everyone who wants serious protection. And to mention you will need Winrar to open these files.Here's a list of what the package contains

Package Includes:
Mcafee 2006
Norton 2005
Zone Labs
Anti-Spyware Pack 2005


Package Includes:
Mcafee 2006:
Mcafee Anti Virus v.10
                 Destroys viruses before they even attack or reach your computer. But if you think you are infected just run a scan.
 
Mcafee Personal Firewall Plus v.7
                 Has new things than the version 6 includes thouger protection and has dectecters for those who play full- screen games. Has more features

Mcafee Spam Killer v.7

Mcafee Anti-Spyware
                 Kills spyware, tracking cookies, ad-aware and better protection.

Mcafee Quick Clean v.6
                 Too much files on computer slowing computer for too much junk files well here what you will need has a lot of features to destroy files clears a whole lot of space .

Mcafee Wireless Protection:
                 Want protection those who have wireless stuff well here's something new for you guys.

Norton 2005:
Norton Internet Security Suite

Zone Labs
Zone Alarm Internet Securtiy Suite:
Includes the following protection
          Anti-virus
          Anti-Spyware
          Im-protection for yahoo and msn and other programs
          3-LAYER FIREWALL PROTECTION

Anti-Spyware Pack 2005

Webroot
Ad-aware 1.06 pro
Mcafee
Spyware Doctor
Microsoft Anti-spyware Beta



There you go people Your computer is safe for the next months to come by.
Everything has instruction and serials. So those who don't where to get Winrar go to www.download.com. You get free-trial but lastes for ever.
Excpet the Spyware Doctor doesn't have serial

Sorry about the other one something deleted the files so I had to make another one.

And plzzzzzzzzzzzzz seed i will be thankfull to those people who seed.

Enjoy everyone







