Hello, movie lovers..!

You are looking on one of my uploads, and I want you to know, that I myself like this movie a lot - otherwise it wont appear on any Surtan page.


I could't find ONE deacent copy of Die Hard 1 on the web, so I have to go purchase it (can you imagine..?), so, here it is - my christmas gift for you!


Searchin for - in my opinion - good downloads isn't as easy as I thougt it should be, and there is nothing that dissappoints me more than to wait a day for a download just to find that some genious have destroyed the sound in a movie, or make it a DTS with 50% videocompression.
Some people like to up- or download a 700Mb copy of a movie, and that's just fine. Others upload the "whole thing" and put up 7G or more - beautiful! If you have very good space on the harddrive, and are blessed whith a lot of paciens.

I make the best possible copys in DVD5 format.



This means;

Always DolbyDigital 5.1 at least - Some of my Classics excluded, of course. I love DTS, but never on the expence of video quality. 


Video uncompressed or shrinked as little as possible. If I can't make the torrent as good that I won't see any differens whith my own eyes I don't upload it.


Menues is usually stripped. It isn't worth even 1% compression of the videoquality to have menues, but sometimes there is space for them, and if that's the case, they are included.


Subs and languages shows at the top of this side.


SFV-file included



Seeding...
Don't comment this, please.
We got a upload limit on TPB on 128kbs, and when you start a new torrent, it's just to be pacient. I sometimes put up more than one torrent at the time, and then I have to prioritate one to get fast help with the seeding. This sometimes means that it can take a day or two before you got a acceptable seed, and I'm sorry for that.
If you like my uploads - help me seed them! Then I can put up more torrents of the movies you like. It really is that simple. If I have to use my bandwith to seed old torrents, I can't put up any new ones.
This is the way to make sites like TPB works. Help eachother!

This aint illegal. It can't be. This is true, wordwide, unstopable love amongs people - sharing very wanted things among eachother with no payment in mind at all.


It's simply beautiful... 

Sharing is caring.



Enjoy!

Surtan