Leisure Process - The Singles Collection

Tracklist:

01 Love Cascade
02 The Sun Turns Black
03 A Way You'll Never Be
04 Rachel Dreams
05 Cashflow
06 The Emigre
07 Anxiety
08 The Company
09 The Fluke
10 Love Cascade (extended)
11 A Way You'll Never Be (extended)
12 Cashflow (million dollar mix)
13 Anxiety (neurotica mix)
14 Company B
15 Love Cascade (dance mix)
16 The Emigré 2 (fast)
17 The Emigré 2 (slow) 

"Leisure Process (also called Leisure Process International) was a short-lived UK band featuring Gary Barnacle (new-wave sax sessionman) and Ross Middleton (from Positive Noise). Barnacle played all keyboards, tenor saxophone and electric saxophone, and Middleton did vocals and played guitar. "Love Cascade" and "Cashflow" are better known singles, but "A Way You'll Never Be" featured two members of Level 42: Mark King on bass & drums and Phil Gould on drums. Barnacle has returned the favor by contributing sax to a number of Level 42 songs over the years. The track was produced by the famous Martin Rushent (Human League, Joy Division, Rezillos, etc).
King's fabulous slap bass line and Gould's pulsing drums combined with Barnacle's electronic sax give this track an early Level 42 vibe worth a listen. Long out-of-print and hard to find."
 

"...Leisure Process' sound was typically Rushent - tight, synthetic funk tracks with Ross' vocals delivered in a manic, new wave style. I dug the singles alot, and thought they had chart potential but of course they were largely ignored. I especially dig this 12" version of A Way You'll Never Be - it has such enormously pounding drums and some super poppin' bass, courtesy of Level 42's Phil Gould and Mark King. You may not like what these guys did in their own band, but there's no denying their musical skills. The tune also features a cool James Bond like xylophone riff that gets me every time, and since Gary is in the band it has a big sax solo. You can definitely hear a bit of the Human League's synth action going on too, and that makes it doubly tasty to me. Nothing classic, but a fun little '80s obscurity nonetheless."
