LIMITED TIME SEED OF THE RARE 5 CD SET - Pleae keep seeding after you DL this.
Get some 'shrooms or acid and remember, "He's outside, looking in."
----------------------------------------------
320 kbps MP3 rip converted with iTunes 7.0.1
----------------------------------------------
THE MOODY BLUES ? Time Traveller
Review by Easy Livin (Bob McBeath) 

?Time traveller? is an essential 4 CD plus bonus live CD collection. 

After opening with some early singles and rarities, all the albums from ?Day?s of future passed? right through to ?Keys to the kingdom? are well represented. Also covered is Hayward and Lodge?s lost Moody Blues album ?Bluejays?. 

For the six magnificent albums from ?In Search of the Lost chord? to ?Seventh Sojourn? , there is 25 to 30 minutes of music from each, representing up to 75% of the original albums. ?Bluejays? is also afforded a similar amount of space, meaning that only a couple of tracks are missing. It is entirely right that greater focus is placed on these albums, since they represent the golden era of the band. 

For the remaining albums, including ?Days of future passed?, the allocation is 12 to 15 minutes apiece. The track are presented in the order they appeared on the albums, thus retaining much of the continuity they contained. 

While the selection of tracks for any compilation is necessarily a subjective process, the compliers here have generally dropped tracks which would widely be considered to be the (marginally) weaker ones on each album. The magnificent ?Have you heard? suite is present in full, and even albums such as ?On the threshold of a dream?, which flow seamlessly from start to finish, do not appear to be significantly diluted by the omission of the odd track.

?Time traveller? thus serves to gather in pretty much all the Moody Blues best work into one perfect package. Yes there will be the odd track which people will question the absence of, but the CDs flow together seamlessly. Justin Hayward?s solo outing ?Forever Autumn? is also included, but it?s the poorly edited single version. The ?Blue guitar? single (sometimes credited to Justin Hayward, sometimes to Hayward and Lodge, and sometimes to ?The Bluejays?) is here too, along with a further couple of more recent non-album tracks. 

The bonus CD contains some tracks from the band?s ?Red Rocks? concert which did not originally appear on the live album of that name (they are included on the recently released 2 CD ?Deluxe? version, and the DVD of the concert).