Kerio WinRoute Firewall sets new standards in versatility, security and user access control. Designed for corporate networks, it defends against external attacks and viruses and can restrict access to websites based on their content.

Stateful network firewall
ICSA Labs-certified Kerio WinRoute Firewall offers detailed rule definition to perform stateful inspection and protocol inspection of all outgoing and incoming Internet traffic. A network rules wizard assists in the rapid setup of the firewall. Read more...

Kerio VPN Server and Client
Kerio's built-in SSL-based VPN server works in both client-to-server and server-to-server modes allowing both branch offices and remote workers to securely connect to the corporate LAN. Read more...

Antivirus protection
Kerio WinRoute Firewall provides optional virus scanning of inbound and outbound email, web traffic, and FTP transfers. In addition to a version with integrated McAfee Anti-Virus, there are several other anti-virus options to choose from. Read more...

Surf protection
The integrated ISS Orange Web Filter option blocks users from accessing to up to 58 categories of web content, reducing legal liabilities for corporate and educational environments. Read more...

Content filtering
Kerio WinRoute Firewall offers a variety of content security features. The P2P Eliminator automatically detects and blocks peer-to-peer networks such as Kazaa. Kerio WinRoute Firewall can filter out potentially dangerous or undesired files such as executable files or MP3 music. With http filtering, the firewall blocks annoying pop-up advertising windows. Read more...

User-specific access management
Each user in the network can be required to log in to Kerio WinRoute Firewall before connecting to the Internet. That allows for restrictive security and access policies to be applied based on the specific user, rather than the IP address of the system connecting to the server. Read more...

Fast Internet sharing
Support for DSL, cable modems, ISDN, satellite, dial-up or wireless Internet allows administrators to deploy Kerio WinRoute Firewall in networks of all sizes and in all locations. Users can share one Internet connection with fail-over to a backup connection. Read more...

VoIP and UPnP support
Kerio WinRoute Firewall allows H.323 and SIP protocols to connect through it, eliminating the need to publicly expose the VoIP infrastructure to the Internet. Also, it integrates UPnP technology so that compliant applications such as MSN Messenger run instantly without requiring additional configuration at the firewall. Read more...

Administration, alerts and statistics
The administration console can be installed remotely to allow secure configuration from anywhere on the network. Every important event is reported to the administrator by email. Well-arranged charts and statistics help spot the problems and usage habits.
