VISIT http://pabloslair.blogspot.com for more free stuff

--------------------------------------------------------------------

Ad-Aware 2007 is the latest version of Lavasoft?s industry leading anti-spyware solutions. Ad-Aware 2007 allows you to combat the growing threats and latest advancements of malicious spyware and malware.

 

Key Features :
? User-Controlled Spyware Removal - Decide for yourself what to delete from your system and what to keep.
? Extensive Detection Database - Stay protected with priority updates from our extensive library of identified and analyzed spyware.
Ad-Watch Real-Time Monitor - Proactively detect malware and parasites so malicious applications are intercepted before they install on your PC.
? Process Watch Module - View an in-depth snapshot of all running processes and quickly stop known offenders.
? Customized Scans - Save time by scanning selected areas where known spyware programs are located ?C RAM, registry, hard drives, external storage devices, and optical drives.
? Detailed Scan Reports - Conveniently export scan reports to XML and log files as text files.
? Advanced Command Line Support- Scan and remove spyware without launching the interface window.

Operating Systems: Windows 2000 Pro, 2000 Server, 2003 Server, XP (Home/Professional), XP 64-Bit Edition, Windows Terminal Services

Web Browser: Internet Explorer (version 5.5 or higher), Firefox (version 1.5 or higher), or Opera (version 9 or higher)

 

What\'s New in Ad-Aware 2007 Pro:
? Redesigned Engine - Benefit from superior program flexibility and more accurate scanning methods with all-new program architecture.
? Improved Code Sequence Identification (CSI) Technology - Boost your privacy protection with precise detection of embedded malware, including known and emerging threats.
? The Scheduler - Set automatic scans and updates to fit your personalized needs.
? Incremental Definition File Updates - Save precious time and resources with smaller update files resulting in faster download times.
? Ad-Watch RegShield - Improved protection against attempted registry changes, a favorite target for many forms of malware.
? Ad-Watch Connect - Open a new channel to identify keyloggers and identity theft attempts with this convenient snapshot of programs actively connected to other networks.
? TrackSweep - Control privacy by erasing tracks left behind while surfing the Web on Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Opera, with one easy click.
? Hosts File Editor - Take control of your Web navigation by blocking advertisement sites, reversing browser hijack entries, assisting with parental controls, and creating navigation shortcuts.
? Multiple Browser Support - Choose Internet Explorer, Firefox, or Opera with expanded browser support.
? New Straightforward User Interface - Effortlessly maneuver the complexities of malware detection and removal with our new user-friendly interface.