Legend Of The Sacred Stone (1999)

Avg. Rating:  	
  4.5 / 5 (based on 1 rating).

Plot:	Su Huan-jen calls the three warriors together to capture the evil Mo Kui. The diabolical demons have committed numerous heinous acts while searching for the lost Heaven's Stone. Where did they come from, and what is their objective? No one knows for sure.

Overview:

Conflict!
Su Huan-jen calls the three warriors, Ye Hsiao-chai, Jian jun, and Luan Shi Kuang-dao together to capture the evil Mo Kui.

Mystery!
The diabolical demons have committed numerous heinous acts while searching for the lost Heaven's Stone. Where did they come from, and what is their objective? No one knows for sure.

Hatred!
Lord Jian of Ming-jian village was a victim of the demons long ago. Almost all of his family was killed, and he was abandoned by his friends. He was also left frighteningly disfigured. Afterwards, he became filled with rage and hatred and now plots to move against his enemies and have his revenge! What is ultimate objective, and who will he act against first?

Romance!
Lord Jian has found the Heaven Stone and knows that to possess it is to wield immeasurable power. He sends his daughter, Jian Ru-bing to enlist the aid of the heroes, Ao Hsiao Hong-chen and Su Huan-jen by telling them that the Heaven Stone could destroy the demons. Who does Jian Ru-bing harbor a secret love with? And how will she be forced to make the ultimate choice between love and family?

Clever Strategy!
Su Huan-jen and Ching Yang-zi go to investigate the Stone and Ching Yang-zi begins battling the demons. Su Huan-jen must overcome his own problems to help his friend and uses his amazing martial prowess to defeat his opponents. His problems are just beginning after the battle is over he examines the clues to bring the ultimate conspiracy to light.

Traps!
The demons are as cunning as they are evil and their plan is tortuous, much to the chagrin of the heroes. Mr. Boneskin (Lord Jian) has plots of his own that are moving closer to completion. Are Su Huan-jen and the others getting closer to stopping their opponents or merely getting closer to being caught in a devious trap.

_________________
If this torrent link is dead or not well seeded, PM me for a re-seed
