THE ANIMALS

Formed in Newcastle-upon-Tyne during 1962 and 1963 when Burdon joined the existing Alan Price Rhythm and Blues Combo, the original line-up comprised Eric Burdon (vocals), Alan Price (organ and keyboards), Hilton Valentine (guitar), John Steel (drums), and Bryan "Chas" Chandler (bass). They were dubbed "animals" because of their wild stage act and the name stuck.[1] The Animals' moderate success in their hometown and a connection with Yardbirds manager Giorgio Gomelsky motivated them to move to London in 1964, in time to be grouped with the British Invasion. They performed fiery versions of the staple rhythm and blues repertoire (Jimmy Reed, John Lee Hooker, Nina Simone, etc). Signed to the Columbia Graphophone subsidiary of EMI, a rocking version of the standard "Baby Let Me Follow You Down" (retitled "Baby Let Me Take You Home") was their first single.

It was followed in June 1964 by the huge transatlantic hit "House of the Rising Sun". Burdon's howling vocals and the dramatic arrangement created arguably the first folk rock hit. Whether the arrangement was inspired by Bob Dylan's version of the song (which in turn was inspired by folk singer Dave Van Ronk) or by blues singer Josh White's (who recorded it twice in 1944 and 1949) or by singer/pianist Nina Simone (who recorded it in 1962 on Nina at the Village Gate, predating Dylan's interpretation) remains a subject of dispute, as does whether all five Animals deserved credit for the arrangement and not just Price.

The Animals' two-year chart career, masterminded by producer Mickie Most, featured singles that were intense, gritty pop covers such as Sam Cooke's "Bring It On Home To Me" and the Nina Simone number "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood". In contrast their album tracks stayed with rhythm and blues, with Hooker's "Boom Boom" and Ray Charles' "I Believe to My Soul" being notable examples. Burdon's powerful, deep voice and the use of keyboards as much or more than guitars were two elements that made the Animals' sound stand out.

By May 1965 the group was starting to feel internal pressures. Price left due to personal and musical differences as well as a fear of flying on tour;[2] he went on to a successful career as a solo artist and with the Alan Price Set. Mickey Gallagher filled in for him on keyboards for a spell, until Dave Rowberry replaced him and was on hand for the hit working-class anthems "We Gotta Get Out of This Place"[3] and "It's My Life". Around that time, an Animals Big Band even made a one-time appearance.[4]

Many of The Animals' hits had come from Brill Building songwriters recruited by Most; the group, and Burdon in particular, felt this was too restrictive. As 1965 ended the group switched to Decca Records and producer Tom Wilson, who gave them more artistic freedom. In early 1966 MGM Records, their American label, collected their hits onto The Best of The Animals; it became their best-selling album in the U.S. In February 1966 Steel left and was replaced by Barry Jenkins; a leftover cover of Goffin-King's "Don't Bring Me Down" was the last hit as The Animals.

By this time their business affairs "were in a total shambles," according to Chandler (who would go on to manage Jimi Hendrix), and the group disbanded. Even by the standards of the day, when artists tended to be financially na?, the Animals made very little money from their successes, eventually claiming mismanagement and theft on the part of their manager Michael Jeffery.




1.  The Complete Animals

The title is a bit of a misnomer; this double CD does include the complete sessions that the Animals recorded with producer Mickie Most in 1964 and 1965. The 40 songs capture the band at their peak, including most of their best and biggest hits: "House of the Rising Sun," "Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood," "Bring It on Home to Me," "We Gotta Get Out of This Place," "I'm Crying," "It's My Life," and "Boom Boom." Most of the rest of the tunes don't match the excellence of these smashes, though they're solid. The great majority of them are covers of vintage R&B/rock tunes by Chuck Berry, Fats Domino, and the like, which aren't quite as durable as reinterpretations from the same era by the Stones and Yardbirds. When they hit the mark, though, the Animals produced some great album tracks that have been mostly forgotten by time, such as "I'm Mad Again" (originally by John Lee Hooker), "Worried Life Blues," and "Bury My Body." After leaving Most, the group would maintain their peak for another year or so (this period is represented on the fine import collection Inside Looking Out) despite the departure of one of rock's all-time finest organists, Alan Price. This compilation has everything that Price recorded with the group, including four previously unreleased cuts and the non-LP Eric Burdon original on the B-side of "It's My Life," "I'm Gonna Change the World."


CD 1

01. Boom Boom                                                                                                          
02. Talkin' Bout You                                                                                                    
03. Blue Feeling                                                                                                        
04. Dimples                                                                                                            
05. Baby Let Me Take You Home                                                                                          
06. Gonna Send You Back To Walker                                                                                      
07. Baby What's Wrong                                                                                                  
08. The House Of The Rising Sun                                                                                        
09. F-E-E-L                                                                                                            
10. I'm Mad Again                                                                                                      
11. The Right Time                                                                                                      
12. Around And Around                                                                                                  
13. I'm In Love Again                                                                                                  
14. Bury My Body                                                                                                        
15. She Said Yeah                                                                                                      
16. I'm Crying                                                                                                          
17. Take It Easy                                                                                                        
18. The Story Of Bo Diddley                                                                                            
19. The Girl Can't Help It                                                                                              
20. I've Been Around  


CD 2

01. Memphis Tennessee                                                                                                  
02. Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood                                                                                      
03. Club-A-Gogo                                                                                                        
04. Roadrunner                                                                                                          
05. Hallelujah I Love Her So                                                                                            
06. Don't Want Much                                                                                                    
07. I Believe To My Soul                                                                                                
08. Let The Good Times Roll                                                                                            
09. Mess Around                                                                                                        
10. How You've Changed                                                                                                  
11. I Ain't Got You                                                                                                    
12. Roberta                                                                                                            
13. Bright Lights Big City                                                                                              
14. Worried Life Blues                                                                                                  
15. Bring It On Home To Me                                                                                              
16. For Miss Caulker                                                                                                    
17. I Can't Believe It                                                                                                  
18. We've Gotta Get Out Of This Place                                                                                  
19. It's My Life                                                                                                        
20. I'm Gonna Change The World

Label: EMI
Date: 1990



2. Inside Looking Out (The 1965-1966 Sessions)

Together with the double-CD The Complete Animals, Inside Looking Out forms a complete retrospective of the great British Invasion band. This 22-song compilation features all of the essential recordings cut by the group in 1965 and 1966 after they broke with their original producer Mickie Most, and before Eric Burdon dissolved the core of the original lineup to pursue solo stardom with an Animals group featuring entirely different musicians. These tracks were perhaps more soul-oriented than their previous recordings, but the group still burns on the hits "Inside Looking Out" and "Don't Bring Me Down." Despite the absence of original keyboardist Alan Price, the group continued to showcase Burdon's passionate vocals and burning, vibrant organ (by Price's replacement Dave Rowberry) on both renowned and obscure R&B tunes, with an occasional original thrown in. Besides the entirety of their final British LP Animalisms (from 1966) and the above-mentioned singles, the CD includes the hits "Help Me Girl" and "See See Rider" (credited to "Eric Burdon and the Animals," these were possibly Burdon solo records). The four tracks from their first release, an independently released 1963 EP featuring primitive R&B standards, are small but noteworthy bonus cuts that close this collection.


01. Inside-Looking Out                                                                                                  
02. Outcast (European Version)                                                                                          
03. Don't Bring Me Down                                                                                                
04. Cheating                                                                                                            
05. Help Me Girl                                                                                                        
06. See See Rider                                                                                                      
07. One Monkey Don't Stop No Show                                                                                      
08. Maudie                                                                                                              
09. Sweet Little Sixteen                                                                                                
10. You're On My Mind                                                                                                  
11. Clapping                                                                                                            
12. Gin House Blues                                                                                                    
13. Squeeze Her Tease Her                                                                                              
14. What Am I Living For                                                                                                
15. I Put A Spell On You                                                                                                
16. That's All I Am To You                                                                                              
17. She'll Return It                                                                                                    
18. Mama Told Me Not To Come                                                                                            
19. I Just Want To Make Love To You                                                                                    
20. Boom Boom                                                                                                          
21. Big Boss Man                                                                                                        
22. Pretty Thing  

Label: Sequel
Date: 1990




BITRATE: 320

My cd-rips (EAC and Lame)
Covers Included






Enjoy,Seed and Share