911 NEWS: Version 2 of the famous video of BBC announcing WTC7 collapse too early on 11th sept 2001.

The discovery was done and the video is made by truther "911veritas" on www.911blogger.com.

- Version 2 contains NO copyrighted music
- fully citing "Educational Critique / Non-Profit FAIR USE" policy for news footage.
- Timings now within +/- 60 seconds margin of error.
- DVD Quality
- Contains info how to verify, timings etc.
- Looks a bit tidier
- Has host and reporter names

Info
====

On September 11th 2001, BBC World reported at 5:00pm Eastern Time that the Salomon Brothers Building (more commonly known as WTC7 or World Trade Building 7) had collapsed.

This even made the 5:03pm EDT headlines with details of cause etc, what is bizarre is that the building did not actually collapse until 5:20pm EDT.

9/11 was unusual enough, without BBC World being able to foretell the destiny of WTC 7 and NO the BBC was not complicit, just doing their jobs.

What is even stranger, is that the women reporter is telling the world that the building had collapsed when you can see it live in the background over her left shoulder.

Then at 5:17pm EDT, just 2-3 minutes before the building did actually collapse, her live connection from New York to London mysteriously fails.

So the question is, on 9/11 how did the BBC learn that WTC7 collapsed 20 minutes before it actually did.

Building Seven was 47 storeys, modern in design with structural steel throughout, yet suddenly and symmetrically collapsed in 6.5 seconds, was someone leaking information.

No steel framed skyscraper has ever totally collapsed due to fire, before or after 9/11, most people who find out about WTC7, believe 

it was brought down by a controlled demolition, even demolition experts agree.

Please Investigate 9/11 - Time is of the essence. 

====



The torrent also contains a jpg picture illustrating the situation the BBC now is in.

Seed the torrent and spread the info aggressively.

