Spice Girls Now Return [2007]

It's official! The Spice Girls, all original five members, came together today for the first time in nine years to announce that they are making a comeback. The uber pop group that dominated the charts with their debut nearly a decade ago will play an 11 date world tour across six continents beginning in Los Angeles on December 7. 
The return will also include a greatest hits album to be released around Christmas.
The Spice Girls, who haven't appeared complete since Geri Halliwell left the group in 1998, staged a massive press conference at London's O2 arena. The group posed for the cameras sporting a much more mature look than their fans are used to, but looked stunning nonetheless. Their appearance was made all the more impressive by the fact that one, Mel C, recently gave birth to a child (fathered by Eddie Murphy) and Emma Bunton is due to give birth any day now. In response to rumors that the group would play this weekend's tribute concert for Princess Diana, Geri said, "The thing is we have a very heavily pregnant lady here so we can't do it. Her waters could break at any minute." And Mel C added, "We would have loved to be there this weekend. It's just unfortunate timing." Also in the works, because a world tour and album just isn't enough for them, a tell-all documentary. Geri said about the project, "It's going to be the most honest story that you've ever heard. You get to see the dark side of the Spice Girls, the gritty side, the tears."
This won't be a permanent return however, as the group made sure to add that the purpose of the tour is to "say goodbye" to their fans, according to The Sun newspaper. "This is going to be a one-night stand," concluded Geri.

Tracklist:
1. Bumper to Bumper
2. Take Me Home
3. One Of These Girls
4. Baby Come Round
5. Spice Invaders
6. Outer Space Girls
7. Walk Of Life
8. Aint No Stopping Us Now
9. Step To Me
10. Christmas Wrapping
11. Sleigh Ride

Bonus Tracks
12. Sisiters Are Doin' It(Live at Wembley)
13. We Are Family(lLive at Wembley)
14. Something Kinda Funny(Live)
15. Mama(Live)
16. Love Thing(Live)
17. Who Do You Think You Are?(Live)
18. Say You'll Be There(Live)
19. 2 become 1(Spanish Version)
