Lady Miriam (Catherine Deneuve) craves for Sarah Roberts (Susan Sarandon) in this stylish drama from back in 1983. You will never hear the word 'vampire' spoken in this film, but this film is about human predators and in a wider sense, about humans preying on one another.

Advertised as a horror flic, this is not. Instead, it is a rather sad drama about lust for life, fear of death and of losing what you've got or might have gotten, and fear of not being loved or of losing the very love you've found. Many people I've met consider 'Anne Rice's Interview with the Vampire' to be the best vampire movie ever, but this is mine.

It was directed by Tony Scott who has a background in tv commercials and the like, just as his brother (?) Ridley Scott (Thelma and Louise, Blade Runner, Alien, etc). This is evident throughout the film with its stylish 80's aesthetics of beautiful clothing, furniture, classical music mixed with then-new wave music, soft, blue-coloured backlight, thin white curtains sensually waving, and the like. Following commercial imagery where the label of a pair of jeans sometimes must be the only visual element you can concentrate on, here a lit tip of a cigarette may very well be the sole element of interest in a shot, or a glint in John's (David Bowie) eyeglasses (and we'll like it that way!); or, indeed, the seductive lips of Catherine Deneuve.

Lesbian love and lust is a very important part of this film, but lesbianism is a SIDE-THEME here, as in some forthcoming uploads of mine here at Pirate Bay.

Buffs of classical music, like I am, will enjoy this. After all, not only is this the movie that made Schubert?s trio opus 100 famous to a contemporary world, (with a unique recording of a fragment of the second movement not available elsewhere), this is also the film which brought Ravel's superb piano piece Gaspard de la Nuit to a broader audience, and ABOVE ALL, the beautiful lesbian love duet 'Dôme épais le jasmine' (the Flower Duet) from the opera Lakmé by Léo Delibes, so erotically explained by Catherine Deneuve in the film. This duet also won the hearts of a wide audience after its appearance in The Hunger.

This film, to my mind, remains Tony Scott's very best. He would later go on to make, as I've written elsewhere, the visually effective but ridiculously testosterone-bursting Top Gun, the preposterous Days of Thunder where Nicole Kidman would fatally meet Tom Cruise, True Romance with Patricia Arquette, and many others.

NOTE: I consider the dvd edition of this film almost faulty since the soundtrack is 1-channel mono only (!). This sole channel is the centre-channel (rather than being distributed FrontLeft-FrontRight). If you hear no sound, be sure to check your player and sound system so that centre-channel sound is audible.

SPECIAL NOTE to Canadians, Americans and perhaps the French: If there is some interest, I can upload the NTSC version of this film. It has the same weird sound configuration but differs in optional spoken language (French) and optional subtitles (English, French, Spanish). Viewers in France may want to a French PAL edition instead. Title in French is Les Prédateurs.

DETAILS:
Running time: 92 minutes
16:9 LB 2.40:1 anamorphic
Uncompressed DVD 5 (PAL)
Audio: Dolby Digital 1.0 (mono)
Spoken language English (optional: German, Spanish)
Optional subtitles: English, Swedish, Norwegian, German, Spanish, Hungarian, Portuguese, Croatian, Slovenian, Czech, Polish, Greek, Hebrew, Turkish; and for the hard of hearing: English, German.
Special feature: Optional audio commentaries in stereo (as if that would be more important) by Susan Sarandon and Tony Scott.
Included is high-resolution dvd covers (SE and CAN/US)

Special technical note for the technically interested: you can change the settings of your dvd player to change its sound configuration. If its SPDIF (short for Sony/Philips Digital Interface) is set to RAW audio, you can switch it to the PCM setting (this may be labelled otherwise on your player). This is done not on the player's front but in its set-up software. This way you will be able to hear the sound spread over more speakers, to your discretion.
