5 items included in this pack:

1. The Operation MBA Planner

The MBA Planner was created specifically for military personnel considering an MBA to propel their careers. This Planner will show you the profound effect an MBA can have on your future in the armed services or in the business world.

2. Rx for Advertising: A Common Sense Cure for Business Owners and Managers, Internet Edition

Prescription for Advertising is written specifically for the business owner or manager who needs to advertise but really doesn't know HOW to make it happen. It's a comprehensive guide to the complete world of advertising -- everything from positioning to printers, budgeting to billboards, creativity to conventions -- even logos and signage. The 30 easy-to-read chapters will be a great step toward understanding the complex and confusing world of advertising.

From the Publisher: Prescription for Advertising has been our best-selling business book for quite a few years. The remarkable wise advice of Edmond Bruneau is timeless. Available in hardbound, trade paperback and audio cassette editions, this book has been distributed worldwide and even translated into a foreign language. When it comes to advertising and marketing, Edmond Bruneau is a professional who knows what he is talking about.

From the Author: Since there are so many advertising books written for advertising people, I decided to write one for the businessperson...in language and terminologies a regular joe (or jill) would understand. Problems and situations are discussed from their personal point of view. In addition, the text includes many time-saving shortcuts and tips to avoid the common pitfalls to often made when dealing with the confusing world of advertising.

From the Inside Flap: To many businesses, advertising in is a four-letter word. One of the original love/hate relationships. By following the advise in this book, however, you're more likely to swear by advertising than to swear at it. Prescription for Advertising is written specifically for the common businessperson who needs to advertise, but doesn't really know how to go about it. It's a comprehensive guide to the complete world of advertising...everything from positioning to printers; budgeting to billboards; creativity to conventions...even logos and signage. There's even separate chapters on buying newspaper, radio and television media. Reading Prescription for Advertising will help you avoid future fatal errors, too. Prescription for Advertising. Thirty chapters of the best advertising advice available today. Read it and reap.

3. CodeNotes for .NET by Gregory Brill

CodeNotes provides the most succinct, accurate, and speedy way for a developer to ramp up on a new technology or language. Unlike other programming books, CodeNotes drills down to the core aspects of a technology, focusing on the key elements needed in order to understand it quickly and implement it immediately. It is a unique resource for developers, filling the gap between comprehensive manuals and pocket references.

CodeNotes for .NET shows developers how to apply .NET to industrial-strength enterprise solutions. Topics include utilizing Assemblies for deployment and versioning, integrated support for XML/SOAP, creating robust Web applications and services with ASP.NET, and managing enterprise databases with ADO.NET. Managed development and native code interoperability are also explored. Topics include instructive samples in C#, VB.NET and C++.

This edition of CodeNotes includes:

-A global overview of a technology and explanation of what problems it can be used to solve
-Real-world examples
-"How and Why" sections that provide hints, tricks, workarounds, and tips on what should be taken advantage of or avoided
-Instructions and classroom-style tutorials throughout from expert trainers and software developers

Visit www.codenotes.com for updates, source code templates, access to message boards, and discussion of specific problems with CodeNotes authors and other developers.

Every CodeNotes title is written and reviewed by a team of commercial software developers and technology experts. See "About the Authors" at the beginning of the book for more information.

4. The Chemistry of Health

This science education booklet describes how basic chemistry and biochemistry research can spur a better understanding of human health. The booklet highlights the research of a number of chemists and includes questions at the end of each chapter.

Forward:

How could anybody fit all of chemistry into 66 pages? You're skeptical that such a feat could possibly be accomplished, and with good reason. The Chemistry of Health cannot pretend to cover such an enormous area of science in so few pages. We wouldn't even want to try. Instead, this science education booklet aims to offer a sampling of how basic chemistry and biochemistry research can spur a better understanding of human health. We also want you to witness the fascination of research alive in today's chemistry labs.

Chemistry is anything but stale or static. Countless numbers of chemical reactions work ceaselessly inside your body, allowing you to think, breathe, and eat. Chapter 1, "Actions and Reactions," aims to convey the essential and wondrous notion that the chemistry inside your body never stops. Cascades of repeating biochemical relays keep your organ systems operating smoothly and efficiently. Your body's metabolic factories break down the food you eat and recycle the components back into basic building blocks from which your tissues and organs are built.

Scientists hunger for information since, like many others, they are curious people. But a key reason biological scientists strive to learn how living systems work is so they can redesign the broken metabolic circuits that contribute to many diseases. Chemists, like most biologists, want to learn how best to employ primitive organisms like bacteria and yeast, not only to probe fundamental biological questions but also to produce the valuable commodities we call medicines. Chapter 2, "Harnessing Biology's Magic," explores how biotechnology offers rich potential toward bettering human health....

5. Escape Routes: For People Who Feel Trapped in Life's Hell

After decades of counseling, Johann Christoph Arnold still marvels at our capacity to make life miserable for ourselves and one another. This book, his tenth, points to a sure way out of life's hells.

Using real-life stories, Arnold exposes the common seeds of loneliness, frustration, alienation, and despair, and gives you the tools to uproot them from your life. In contrast to the makeovers and quick fixes hawked by popular culture, Escape Routes offers a tougher prescription. The choices he presents are clear: "to be selfish or selfless; to forgive or to hate; to burn with lust or with love; to defend your personal power, or dismantle it."

Why stake your hopes on some eternal hereafter, when you can taste heaven right here and now? No matter your problems, or who you are, this book will help you on your way, provided you're ready to take its medicine.
