Grymt skön Country/Americana tjej, detta måste ni höra!


Californian singer-songwriter Eve Selis has been making some serious waves in the American music scene the last few years, and it looks like her latest release, Nothing But The Truth, will make her one of the most talked about indie phenomenons of recent years. Having headlined coast to coast in the US, she has also shared the stage with Travis Tritt, Chris Isaak, Counting Crows, Crosby, Stills & Nash, the Doobie Brothers, Jewel, and Joan Osborne. Her music is a delicious blend of American roots and country sounds blended with a contemporary rock setting which, if comparisons must be made, puts her in the same musical ballpark as our own Kasey Chambers. Excellent songwriting and a backing band featuring some of the finest Nashville / American musicians results in an album we\\\'re confident is going to turn some heads and makes for a perfect in-store listening experience. Fuse is excited about Eve Selis, and will be servicing all relevant publications and radio stations with copies to get her name firmly on the map.

?Widescreen roadhouse rock that impresses right from the opening thrash-country chords. And it?s the Southern Californian\\\'s high-octane approach that will gain most of the the plaudits. On Honky Tonk Town she emulates Jack White?s employment of Loretta Lynn and hauls in former Nashville Queen Lynn Anderson for a heads down tear-up. But there?s more to this than pure powerhouse. Selis proves she can handle the kind of rough-edged slow building ballads that bring approval from A&R execs and record company accountants. Selis, who plays US venues ranging from The House Of Blues to the Bitter End, can head anywhere she wants.....with conviction. Excellent.? - MOJO
Track Listing:

1. 	Heart-shaped Tattoo
2. 	The Ballad Of Kate Morgan
3. 	Those Words We Said
4. 	Blame It On The Rain
5. 	Nothing But The Truth
6. 	Mr. Lincoln
7. 	Honky Tonk Town
8. 	Pocket Full Of Stones
9. 	A Beautiful Day
10. 	Let Love Come Through
11. 	Someday
12. 	Room At The Top
13. 	Love Is On Your Side