Ripped at 320 kilobytes 152 megs

Detailed Description  

Franti has created an inspiring, uplifting new album of 14 original new songs inspired by his trip to Iraq, Israel and Occupied Territories of Palestine. Recorded in Kingston, Jamaica and Franti's hometown of San Francisco, California. 

'The thing that I found when I was in war zones was that nobody wants to hear songs about war. They want to hear songs about connection to people, and songs about love and life, songs that make them dance.'


Release Date July 25th on Anti- and Liberation Records, Australia

Produced By Michael Franti 
Mixed By Brian Malouf



TRACK LIST

01. Time To Go Home

02. Yell Fire!

03. I Know I'm Not Alone

04. East To The West

05. Sweet Little Lies

06. Hello Bonjour

07. One Step Closer To You

08. Hey Now Now

09. Everybody Ona Move

10. See You In The Light

11. Light Up Ya Lighter

12. What I've Seen

13. Tolerance

14. Is Love Enough? (featuring Gentlemen)


REVIEWS 

"[Michael Franti is in] the pantheon of political pop." 
-Boston Globe 

"the album blends Franti's hip-political-hop with Spearhead's body-moving funkadelica" 
- Paste Magazine 

'Partially recorded in Kingston, Jamaica, with Chris Blackwell, "Yell Fire!" is part of a thematic trilogy that includes the film and book "I Know I'm Not Alone," which document Franti's recent visits to Iraq, Israel and Palestine. That's a lot of ground for anyone to cover, but his ambitions pay off on this strapping, if sprawling, collection. Franti wastes no time getting to the point: opener "Time to Go Home" brandishes enough slogans to populate an entire anti-war rally. Despite its framing device, "Yell Fire!" leaves time for some geographically appropriate reggae ("Hello Bonjour," featuring Sly & Robbie), danceables ("Hey Now Now") and unapologetically optimistic ballads ("One Step Closer to You"). And though Franti puts those fierce politics first, he also neatly distills the diverse styles he's visited throughout an ever-impressive career.' -Jeff Vrabel, BILLBOARD  
