Simondadj
Proudly Present 
bORAT THE MOVIE

Plot Summary: Borat, a journalist in the nation of Kazahkstan, is sent to America by his government to film a documentary about US culture in an attempt to improve the standard of living in his own country. He and his producer, Azamat, arrive in New York City, where Borat, falling prey to culture clash, doesn't exactly make a great first impression (i.e., letting chickens loose on a subway, kissing random men on the street, etc.) While watching TV in his hotel room, he comes across a "Baywatch" rerun and falls in love with Pamela Anderson. He decides to leave New York to travel to Los Angeles to find her, but neglects to tell his producer the real reason he wants to travel to California. On the way, Borat meets many people, but ends up either humiliating or enfuriating all of them. For example, when he receives a driving lesson, he attempts to drink while driving, shouts obscenities at the other drivers, and asks his instructor to be his boyfriend. He attends a dinner party with some members of high society and successfully dismisses himself from the table to use the restroom politely, but brings a bag of... the result of the bathroom visit... back to the table with him. Minutes later, a prostitute he invited to the dinner shows up, causing the hosts of the party to throw him out. He stops at a rodeo to sing our National Anthem, but draws boos from the crowd when he replaces the lyrics to the Star-Spangled Banner with lyrics about his own native land and tells the crowd that he hopes for George W. Bush to "drink the blood of every man, woman, and child" who opposes us in the war on terror. One night, Borat finds Azamat, um, really enjoying a photo of his (Borat's) beloved Pam Anderson. They fight (in quite a crude way,) and in the end, Borat is left all alone in a strange place with no money and no passport. He ends up falling asleep on a sidewalk, but wakes up to realize that he is in front of a church. He goes inside, becomes saved, and journies on to California to find his beloved Pam Anderson.