RAY

DATE OF THE FILM
TÍTLE: RAY
YEAR: 2004
DIRECTOR: Taylor Hackford
INTERPRETERS: Jamie Foxx, Kerry Washington, Regina King, Clifton Powell, Harry Lennix, Terrence Howard, Larenz Tate, Richard Schiff, David Krumholtz, Curtis Armstrong, Bokeem Woodbine
DURATION: 152 min.
SORT: Drama. Musical comedy comedy. Biographical. 

SINOPSIS: If a life is reduced to the sum of its parts, then the history of Ray Charles could see like a story of triumphs and personal failures that hide after one longeva and multiawarded race in the business of the spectacle. But we are speaking of a man who synthesized his fights, his pain and its personal dark with the same effectiveness with which it knew to fuse in its art a myriad of musical styles: the jazz, rhythm & blues, the rock & roll, gospel and country. Its history has then a very different sense: the chain of events and profits is transformed into the vibrant and stirring passage of a unique genius with an own vision that taught to the world to listen to music of a new form. RAY is the biography, never counted before, of that legend of the American music that is Ray Charles. It is centered in the most explosive period of the race of Charles, that begins when this young blind black rises single a bus in Florida and crosses the country to refine its art in the flourishing jazzística scene of Seattle. Ray fights by being dealed with right form, is discovered by Atlantic Record and begins its unstoppable ascent towards the global fame, romped in its problem of addiction to the drug and in its torrid loving messes. But the passage of Ray does not advance only towards the future but that also returns to its childhood: while one becomes the great musical hero of his generation, Ray must assimilate that conflicting moment of its life when his brother George dies and he begins to lose the Vista to the five years of age; a little while that exerts an indelible influence in its emotions, their motivation and its inmortal music. (FILMAFFINITY)

CRITICA: Oscar: better actor (Jamie Foxx), better sound. 2004: Gold globes: Better musical actor or comedy (Jamie Foxx) In the United States he obtained very good critics, that specially they praised, of as enthusiastic form as unanimous, the interpretation of Jamie Foxx. (FILMAFFINITY) 

\"Jamie Foxx so far arrives in the skin from that man and his music that it and Ray Charles seem to breathe to the unisonous one.\" (Peter Travers: Rolling Stone)

\"Ray could not have been done without the star Jamie Foxx.\" (Mike Clark: The USA Today)

\"Although it is not a great film, is a good film on the greatness, which the celebration of the profits of a great artist becomes the occasion for the sprouting of another one.\" (A.O. Scott: The New York Times) 

\"very showy, elegant Film, per moments powerful, moments somewhat ingenuous, that do not finish giving a global vision of the personage at issue, but that constitutes a typical product dle classic Hollywood.\" (Javier Ocaña: Newspaper The Country)

\"the film remains in little more than a conventional biography, with clear and dark but with one limited range of grays (...) Score: ** (on 5).\" (Alberto Bermejo: Newspaper The World)

\"Taylor Hackford has known to count the history of even exciting form from the point of view musical (...) wonderfully interpreted (and imitated) by Jamie Foxx. (...) Score: **** (on 5).\" (Antonio Weinrichter: ABC Newspaper)

Score in www.filmaffinity.com: 7,0
Score in http://spanish.imdb.com /: 7,8 

DATA OF THE DVD 
SYSTEM: PAL
AUDIO: Spanish Digital Dolby 5,1, English Digital Dolby 5,1
MUSIC: Ray Charles & Craig Armstrong
SUBTÍTULOS: English and Castilian
ASPECT RATIO: Widescreen 1.85:1 (Anamórfico)
EXTRA: Commentaries of the film with the director
OTHER CHARACTERISTICS: Interactive menus, Direct access to scenes, To reproduce extended version, To reproduce version of cinema, Commentaries of the film with director Taylor Hackford (only in cinema version), Universal Mediterranean.

RIPEO METHOD: DvdDecrypter. Full dvd.
FORMAT: DVD-9 = DVD-9
COMPRESSION: Without Compression. DVD Decripter. Full DVD