Artist ....... Penta                      
Genre ........ Psychedelic                    
Source ....... CDDA                          
Label ........ AuraQuake                
Catalog Nr. .. AQCD005                        
Release Date . Oct-25-2007                
Tracks ....... 09                        
Length ....... 73:02 min                      
Quality ...... VBRkbps 44,1kHz        
Mode ......... Joint-Stereo                  
Encoder ...... LAME 3.97 final          
Size ......... 115,3 MB                  
Rls Notes                                            
Well, it has finally happened: the Portuguese      
aliens have taken what was theirs for several      
years now - that is, Nikita Tselovalnikov, the    
producer of Penta, the psytrance project that has  
been seen live in 30 countries around the world.  
To commemorate this fact, AuraQuake Music is      
happily releasing 'Portuguese Abduction', the      
fourth album from Nikita, now an Azores Islands    
resident. Packed with next generation sounds,      
unexpected passages and his trademark sampling,    
this release is a wicked pentadelic circus        
carousel that takes you on a wild journey through  
night and day.                                    
From deep and dark 'No More Evil' to the funky    
and unpredictable 'BBQ' to the vocal and full-on  
'Neo Cheesy' this album is for everyone. Drawing  
from his experience in working at the Soviet      
nuclear laboratory, Nikita has made sure that      
every track will detonate properly on every dance  
floor, - huge and tiny.                            
link: www.pentafiles.com                    
Tracks                                        
#  track                            length    
01  Vegetarian Ballad                  08:28    
02  BBQ                                08:35    
03  Time Jump                          09:01    
04  Andes                              07:40    
05  Men Dozed                          07:57    
06  Piscotech                          07:17    
07  No More Evil                      07:59    
08  Magic Balls                        07:31    
09  Neo Cheesy                        08:34    
News                                          
Currently groov[e]mission is looking for talented    
rippers  who can  supply quality electronic music  
(CD's / vinyl / promos or livesets,  at least you        
should  be  able  to  order  from  online  stores    
*frequently*!) mainly  psychedelic & ambient  but      
all  other  good  electronic  music  is  welcome      
aswell! If  you think  you can  contribute to the  
legend  don't  hesitate  to  send  an  email  to:    
groovemission@hush.com              
Group Notes                                          
After more than a half decade we think it is time  
to change this message. The scene changed so much  
in the past few years. Many lamers hangin' around  
sharing scene  releases on  public places such as  
FXP-Pubs, DC++ hubs,  P2P  networks  and  so  on.  
WE  DON'T  WANT  OUR  RELEASES  GETTiNG      
SPREAD  TO  SUCH  LAME  PLACES!!!          
The psytrance scene is kinda small and needs YOUR  
SUPPORT. If  you LOVE  this  music  (like we do),  
please BUY the music  (like we do)!  Artists work  
long & hard on their music.  Please be honest and  
support the  artists & labels  to make more great  
music in the future too.  Every sold  CD  counts!  
Our  releases are  meant  for promotion only - to  
give  you  a  sample  of  the  retail  product.  
NEVER FORGET - THiS iS NOT A COPY, iT'S JUST MP3!  
Furthermore we wanna say thanks to all the people  
who made this  whole thing  happen,  in the past,  
present and future.  And finally, we want to send  
greetings  to  all our  fellow  friends  within  
the    scene!  You  know    who    you  are!  
MUSiC WORTH LiSTENiNG iS MUSiC WORTH BUYiNG!!      
groov[e]mission - quality & pride since 2ooo  
ALL YOUR PSY ARE BELONG TO US!        
