Release date:15 April 1983 (USA)  
Genre:Fantasy / Horror / Thriller

For a film that was made on a budget that would make Steven Spielberg die laughing, 
"Evil Dead" was one for the most interesting pieces of horror cinema I've ever seen. 
I watched the series backwards, so "Army of Darkness" was the film I saw first, then 
"Evil Dead II." While "Evil Dead II" is probably still my favorite, it was interesting to see where it all started.
The camera work is incredibly good, and the fast motion sequences showing the demon's approach was pretty well done, 
if not completely original. Though also interesting, and kinda funny to note is that we see the characters running away, 
but when the camera switches away from the demon's view, we don't see the demon, and that seems like a touch of 
genius...we know it's there, but we can't see it, and while it probably was a limitation of the budget, 
it actually proved to be a great method of suspense.
The special effects are as laughable as they were in the rest of the series, but there's something 
to be said for a film that takes its chances and goes to the extreme in lieu of lacking resources. 
People complain about this a lot, but I have to say to them "get a sense of humor." The whole point 
of the "Evil Dead" series was to mock horror films and show how campy they were and that they could 
get even worse. It's humor is in that the film tries to take itself seriously, but the lack of a big 
budget makes this not only impossible, but even funny in spite of the fact that it could conceivable 
be a serious film.
The acting is also terrible, but again in that way that it's so obviously bad that it's hard to tell 
were the actors just plain bad or were they doing that deliberately to serve the purpose of mocking 
the genre. Bruce Campbell's introduction into the world of abused heroes is interesting since his 
character is actually less of a chauvinist in this one than he ultimately became famous for. But it works, 
and the horror on his face when his friend has no reservations about chopping up his possessed girlfriend 
is actually believable.
Overall, this movie is a great piece of cinema. It's humorous, but serious as well, and its greatest 
strength is its ability to draw the line between being part of the genre and mocking it. There are plenty 
of moments of original horror (I don't think anybody could keep their composure during the "Tree Rape" 
scene, which they repeated to lesser effect in "Evil Dead II," but let's face it that movie was supposed 
to be a rehash and extension). Give the film a chance and don't take it too seriously. Otherwise you're missing the point. 

English 5.1 (Dolby Digital)

Subs: Swedish/Finnish