PRISON BREAK SEASON 2 Episode 15 by deathmule


recap
--------------------------------------------------------------
A special news bulletin announces that Michael and Lincoln have delivered a video. The news cast rolls the tape. Lincoln looks into the camera, ?My name is Lincoln Burrows. And I?m innocent.?

Six hours earlier?

Michael and Lincoln stand over Terrence?s dead body, Kellerman is on the move. Kellerman barks to the brothers, ?There?s no other way out of here. Next time you hold a press conference, do it from a room with a back door.? Outside, an officer with a bullhorn orders the brothers out of the room. Nearby, a local camera crew starts their coverage.

Kellerman cracks the door open and displays his badge. Then he announces he?s with the FBI and that he has Michael and Lincoln in custody. He tells the local cops to hold their fire as he brings them out. Kellerman leads Michael and Lincoln out, and one of the cops asks to see Kellerman?s ID. When the cop gets too close, Kellerman lunges out and grabs the camera man. Kellerman holds his gun to the man?s head. The cops draw their weapons, Lincoln points his weapon back. Michael orders the reporter to get the cops to the squad cars and tells Lincoln to get in the car. The reporter hands them to Michael and The men jump in the car and race away.

Mahone slowly walks into his office and Agent Wheeler gives him updates. Wheeler tells Mahone about Bellick?s incarceration and the arrest of C-Note?s wife. Mahone isn?t happy that nothing more has been done since he?s been gone. A nearby phone rings and Agent Lang picks up. She looks over to Wheeler and tells him to take it. Mahone snatches the phone away before Wheeler can answer. The person at the other end informs Mahone of the events that took place at the hotel.

Lincoln races the car along a dirt road. In the backseat, almost jokingly, Kellerman warns the camera man, ?I?ll make you a deal. If you don?t move a muscle, I won?t blow your head off.? Michael looks out the window and listens to the news report on the radio. Michael tells Lincoln to pull over near an abandoned shipping yard. Michael and Lincoln exit the car and walk ahead of Kellerman and the camera man. Lincoln wants to get rid of Kellerman, but Michael knows they can still use him, it?s just a matter of how.

Bellick regains consciousness in the infirmary and calls for a nurse. When he sits up, his face is swollen and bloodied from the beating he took. Trumpets, the inmate who rivaled C-Note, waits for Bellick to deliver a warning about what else is to come from the other inmates.

The camera man sits against a wall, trying to listen in to what Kellerman, Michael and Lincoln have planned for him. The men turn and walk to the camera man, Michael says, ?Four hundred and fifty miles in six hours?? Kellerman points to the camera man and tells him to look forward. Kellerman grabs an old tarp nearby.

A colorful bus bounces down highway 15 in Sinola, Mexico. Inside, riders share tight space with livestock. An older man nearby asks Sucre where he?s from. Sucre says Puerto Rico. Sucre tells the old man that he?s headed to Ixtapa to find Maricruz. He tells the man, ?Let?s just hope she?s still there when I get there.?

print recap

enjoy (sorry for the late release was have problem with uploading)