
Holy Harmony 

by Jonathan Goldman with Sarah Benson 

HOLY HARMONY contains two never before released Sacred Sound: Tuning Forks of the complete HEALING CODES of the BIBLE combined with the chant of YHSHV (Yod Hey Shin Vav Hey), an ancient Name of the Christ. These 9 tuning forks are said to be the Divine frequencies of creation. Some believe the sounding of them is said to fulfill certain Biblical prophecies. Others believe these frequencies have extraordinary healing and transformational properties. The YHSVH Chant is a powerful word of prayer, or a mantra, that is composed of specific letters of the Hebrew alphabet that create a sacred name for the Christ. The Chant can be used for protection, for clearing, and to resonate with the Christ energy. As the Healing Code Tuning Forks sound together with Jonathan Goldman and Sarah Bensonâ??s beautiful and rich choral chanting, they create an extremely powerful , yet deeply calming sonic environment. The combination of the Tuning Forks with the YHSVH Chant is great for relaxation and meditation. These sounds may also be extremely healing and transformational. 

Track Listing:

1. Holy Harmony ( 72:00) - encoded to 207kbps VBR .mp3
 


(the following text is from http://steamventinn.com/holy_harmony/ )

For Personal & Global Healing . . .
The Music of Divine Love and Optimal Creativity . . .

This is "the world's most powerful CD," according to Dr. Leonard Horowitz, an internationally known expert in public health and natural healing. Just read his 15th book, Walk on Water. Excerpts reprinted below, and dozens of testimonials, explain why "this musical blessing by Jonathan Goldman, the world's leading toning-for-healing artist, is the best thing you can buy and play to open hearts, expand spirituality, and fulfill your Divine destiny." 

 
Supersonically empower your relaxation, meditation, and prayer to take you to higher levels of wisdom for Divine service.

Jonathan Goldman, author of Healing Sounds, president of Spirit Music, and Director of the Sound Healers Association spent nearly three decades working to bring the healing nature of sound to mainstream awareness. Jonathan was the first performing vocalist to apply "The Perfect Circle of Sound," advanced by Dr. Horowitz in his most revelatory works, Walk on Water and DNA: Pirates of the Sacred Spiral. In sync and harmony with the Creator's original musical scale Goldman's brilliant direction features veteran vocalists chanting the sacred tones of the Messiah's Hebrew nameâ??the Living Yah.

A special tuning fork set  is used to resonate the core creative vibrations of the universe, placing them most profoundly in your room, energizing your body, and entraining your whole being to the eternal Love of the Creator. . . .

 
"'The Perfect Circle of Sound' has been increasingly associated with profound outcomes, miracles included!" Dr. Horowitz writes, "Love (528Hz) is the central green tone of the universe. It gives rise to the rainbow's central color, warms people's hearts, and is life's core sustaining vibration according to advancing mathematics, physics, and anthropoligicalâ??metaphysical research. The original Solfeggio musical scale, used by ancient Levi priests to produce miracles, plus three little known complementary keys, completes this discovery that supplies our Holy Creative Spirit inspiring us and the interactive dynamics of matter and energy." 

In Walk on Water, Dr. Horowitz credits Goldman for writing and intuiting years ago, "'the use of these forks in this particular manner creates a sacred spiral that seems to encode itself as a matrix upon the cellular structure, and particularly on the DNA. I believe this is the matrix of the "higher" humanâ??helping create an evolutionary step in our genetic encoding.'

"Goldman further reported that his experience using the vibrational fields generated by these tones, when used in ascending or descending order, 'seems to have the ability to nullify any frequencies that are counter productive to our highest good. These frequencies create a blanket of Divine sounds that may counter the effects of harmful energy including bacteria and viruses.' 

"Without making medical claims, Goldman reported these frequencies likely nullify and dissipate disharmonious energies that may be trying to establish themselves upon our physical, mental, emotional, or spiritual essences. . . . . People call this stress and disease."


How and Why Holy Harmony Works

Dr. Horowitz asks you to recall from the Bible that the world began when the Creatorâ??s â??wordâ?? acted on water. That is, sound frequencies based on physics and mathematics were applied to water. 

If you were created in the image of God (i.e., Yah), then your lips must be creative instruments. Therefore, for you to cooperatively recreate yourself and evolve this world with Love, you must speak or sing these core creative tones, especially the central love (528Hz) frequency into water just as our Creator has done since the beginning of time. 

3Eâ?¢ "Evolutionary Energy Enhancer"

Stress and disease, according to Horowitz and Goldman, mainly stems from going "out of tune" with these core creative tones. Most people simply need a "tune-up."

Dr. Horowitz considered "The Perfect Circle of Sound," depicted above, as it relates to creationistic science, healing, planetary salvation, and spiritual evolution. In Walk on Water, he showed these unique sounds equate to the mathematical matrix of the universe. That is why, he concludes, entraining with them brings you heart-to-heart, in intimate contact, with the "Spirit of Yah."

While Goldman was busy recording Holy Harmony, Horowitz was researching ways to protect humanity and promote spiritual therapies. He believes this technology presents the opportunity to, literally, "Baptize the entire planet with Holy water." This knowledge, he concluded, is "critical" for our transition to world peace.

Dr. Horowitz invented the 3Eâ?¢ "Evolutionary Energy Enhancer" for this purpose. 3Eâ?¢s and the Holy Harmony CD, sold seperately, or together in a special package, use the same mathematics, harmonics, and geometrics to impart the core creative frequencies into water. In this way, even polluted waters (including your body which is mostly water) can be energized and â??reprogrammedâ?? with powerful prayerful messages of love, thanks, peace, health, and prosperity. "Simply personalize it," Dr. Horowitz explains, "with your own creative, affirmative, heartfelt prayer."

"In essence, there's 'nothing missing nor broken in the Kingdom of Heaven.' This complete set of creative sounds, or mathematical vibrations, take you there; where the Source of your sustainance becomes your spiritual transformer and physical healer."


Use Holy Harmony for Healing

Sound is defined in Webster's Dictionary as "mechanical radiant energy that is transmitted by pressure waves in a material medium (as air or water) . . ." So creation is simply based on vibrations of energy and mathematics impacting physics and matter. The Holy Harmony CD and 3Eâ?¢ uses this knowlege of creationistic science. 

Dr. Horowitz's research determined that this math and "music" was used by our Creator to create everything. He believes these tones were revealed to humanity to encourage and direct us to use this knowledge as per "the Genesis Model," that is, vibrating and structuring water worldwide with these sounds. From this concept, the global Concert for the Living Waters, LIVE H2O, is now advancing.



