Pro Evolution soccer 6 (c) Konami
10/2006 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Securom
1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Soccer


The Pro Evolution Soccer series is renowned for its realism, and
Pro Evolution Soccer 6 is abundant with new gameplay additions. Player AI
has been massively upgraded, with players running intelligently into space
when not in possession of the ball and pointing where they want the pass
placed to continue the attack. Similarly, the physical side of play has
been refined, with players working to turn a defender as they receive the
ball, while defenders must learn to stand off slightly to prevent such
moves.
Series creator Shingo 'Seabass' Takatsuka has also worked to refine the
shooting system of the new game, and players will be able to attempt more
snap shots than in previous versions, while volleys and half-volleys have
been redesigned. Other new moves include the ability to retain control of
the ball when sliding in to tackle, while all-new feints and backwards
dribbling are now available thanks to the improved dribbling controls,
while headers have been changed to allow players more movement in the way
their strikers jump and head the ball.
Pro Evolution Soccer 6 also has a number of new teams licensed for
inclusion, with the International roster now featuring the official kits
for Argentina, the Netherlands, Italy, Spain and Sweden. Details on
official club teams and more national squads will follow.
Other new additions include more balanced referees, and a selection of
exciting new gameplay modes. An International Challenge involves leading
your home country to victory through a series of entry and tournament
rounds, while a Random mode lets the player play quick games within
randomly-generated match day settings. The much-loved Master League also
returns, allowing players to experience the many highs and lows of
steering a team through years of competitive games. Aging players,
injuries and pressure from the board all combine to create a truly
immersive game where results are everything.

With its slick moves and realistic action, Pro Evolution Soccer 6 is
certain to glide past rival titles with ease and enjoys an impressive
roster of new moves, licensed clubs, and gameplay modes.
Features:
~~~~~~~~~
* Massively upgraded AI-- players run intelligently into space when not in
possession of the ball
* Physical side of play has been refined, with players working to turn a
defender as they receive the ball
* Shooting system refined players can attempt more snap shots
* New licensed teams including official kits for Argentina, the
Netherlands, Italy, Spain and Sweden
* More balanced referees
* New and exciting game modes including International Challenge and Random
modes
* Much-loved Master League makes a welcome return


1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount with Daemon tools.
3. Install the game. When asked for a serial use our keygen located in the
Crack directory on the DVD or one of the following serials:

SEE THE >NFO

4. Copy the cracked files located in the Crack directory on the DVD to your
installation directory.
5. Play the game.