JUNGLE JIM - TV series
After Johnny Weissmuller left the Tarzan movie series, the mature but still rugged actor signed with Columbia to do a run of Jungle Jim films based upon the popular comic strips and radio shows. 16 films were made between 1948 and 1955. The television series was a continuation of these feature films and along with Skipper (his son), Kaseem (his Hindu manservant), and Tamba (the chimp), Jungle Jim's adventures took him all over the world, often with him flying his own seaplane called the "Sitting Duck". 
Stars Johnny Weissmuller (Jungle Jim), Martin Huston (Skipper), Dean Fredericks (Kaseem), Neal (Tamba)

1. MAN KILLER   
A novice hunter shoots a lion but fails to kill it, unconcerned with Jim's warning that a wounded animal is a danger to all in the jungle. Skipper and Tamba follow behind the hunter to protect their animal friends, but they are all soon cornered by the enraged lion, and it's up to Jim to save them.

Marcella, the mother of Marty Huston (Skipper0, recalls that her son and the chimp were the best of friends, playing like kids during breaks, and the simian was very protective of him. In one scene, a villain is supposed to grab Skipper from the bushes. The chimp left its trainer and ran up the villainâ??s back pounding him on his helmut., frightening the poor actor portraying the villain.

Director, Earl Bellamy recalls an amusing incident in the opening episode â??Man Killer,â?? in which the chimp was to fire a rifle. The trainer was to work with the chimp for a week, getting him used to picking the weapon up and firing it. To play safe on the day they were to shoot the scene, Bellamy had the trainer remove the chimp from the sound stage while the weapon was being loaded. Then the animal was brought back to do the scene. But the moment he picked up the rifle to fire it, the animal went berserk. He ended up in the rafters of the stage... he had smelled the gunpowder. Using some deft editing, the scene was salvaged.
Guest star: Don Blackman (Molu), Dick Rich (Richard Manderville)
First aired: 9/26/1955

2. LAND OF TERROR
A famous botanist disappears in a mountainous region inhabited by prehistoric beasts, and his sister enlists Jungle Jim to help find him.
Guest star: Paul Guilfoyle (Charles Hansard), Art Millan (John Farrington), Helene Marshall (Marilyn Hansard) 
First aired: 10/3/1955

XviD/640x480/29.97fps
MP3/48kHz/25min

Leave a comment if you'd like to see more! :) 