The Who-Live At Leeds
200-gram vinyl by Classic Records (2406 001)

This LP was the first live LP I ever bought back in the early 70?s. I was intrigued by the bootleg appearance of the cover & label. When I played it I was blown away by the energy of the performances.

While there are obviously better recorded concerts (from a technical perspective) this one has always been a favorite of mine and I was glad to see Classic Records do a re-issue of it.

There is a 2001 remaster of this concert released on CD that is more complete than this LP however it was remixed and futzed with.

This LP re-captures the original mix. It also has all of those crackling noises as heard on the original pressings. While I wanted to do a transfer of this LP for the original mix I also wanted to eliminate as many of those lead amp crackles & pops as I could. That was the goal of this project. If you want a transfer that keeps all of the obnoxious pops in place, then this is not the download for you. I have manually removed those pops as well as any new vinyl-born pops.

This LP was transferred with my usual mid-fi system at 96kHz/32-bit float. De-popping is all done manually using Adobe Audition. As usual, there?s no N/R or EQ added. When the audio was ready it was dithered down to 16-bit wav files and from there to flac files. There will also be a 24-bit version of this torrent available as soon as the torrent has enough seeders.

This LP contains the following tracks:
1)	Young Man Blues
2)	Substitute
3)	Summertime Blues
4)	Shakin? All Over
5)	My Generation
6)	Magic Bus

The following are some notes regarding this LP that I?ve copied via the internet:

??After repeated failed attempts on their '69-'70 UK Tommy tour, the hall on the campus of Leeds University was intentionally scheduled for the main purpose of recording a live album. The results, although only six selections from a much longer performance were used, were a triumph. Riding the crest of the Tommy album and their monumental appearance at the Woodstock Festival, the original quartet of Townshend, Daltrey, Entwhistle and Moon deliver a perfect mix. This Classic Records reissue includes all of the original artwork and packaging. Cut from the original two-track master tapes (amp lead pops and all) at Bernie Grundman Mastering by Chris Bellman on Classic's all-tube cutting system, this 200g Super Vinyl Profile pressing brings new insight into the genius in the nuance that has previously been obscured - even on original track pressings used for comparison in mastering.?

Enjoy.

-DLedin
