Straight from the success of SouthPark , the amazing Wing has released her 10th CD - "Wing sings AC/DC" (Sept 15th 2005)

Included in this file are samples from Wing's 10 albums so far including her latest (and greatest) track "Back in Black" by AC/DC.

I assure you, you won't be disappointed with this download.

If you haven't heard of the Wing Phenomenon yet - type 'wing' into google.

Article about Wing >>>

New Zealand Listener May 24 2003 
When you're in the trade, people send you stuff. Hey try this, they say, we think it's top notch - how many you want? Pretty much unfailingly I want none, but two years ago when a CD from Auckland singer Wing landed on my counter, I had a cheque in the mail within thirty seconds of the first track. This was like no other voice I had ever heard. Wing sent her first CD PHANTOM OF THE OPERA to shops, rest homes and restaurants all over the country. I suspect, initially, I was one of the few who replied. A few months later this small Chinese woman bustled into my store with a bright smile and said "Mister Colbert?" to which I naturally replied "Yes?" She held out her hand. "I WING!!"

Wing had flown the length of the country to meet her key southern retailer. I was deeply touched. Shona Laing came in once thirty years ago, but she was brought by a record company person, she was frowning slightly. I have also been in torrid email correspondence with Jan Hellriegel, but she has never been in my shop. In that tight and highly talented circle of New Zealand singing sirens, Wing was breaking new ground. We chatted about her career and her plans. I bought a fistful of her second album, I COULD HAVE DANCED ALL NIGHT, nodding appreciatively at the riveting pull of YOU'LL NEVER WALK ALONE and SUMMERTIME. 
We kept in touch. Money was being spent, I advised caution. This is a brutal business, I told her, the market could be smaller than you think. She was determined. We were all climbing the mountain together. It was exciting. I played Wing to many people. Often they bought Wing really quickly. One man who worked at Westpac hurt his wrist getting his wallet out so fast. I played her to Rima Te Wiata, who can sing a bit. Rima didn't speak for a while but she probably felt a cold coming on and was protecting her voice. Phil Gifford strolled in one day and I whipped Wing on. He gripped the sides of the CD bins tightly and I watched fascinated as the blood drained from his knuckles, leaving them whiter than snow. My wife adores Wing. 
There is a long tradition of unusual or unique singers out there. Florence Foster Jenkins, who had a stellar career, filled Carnegie Hall in 1944 with a voice that could politely be called unusual. More pointedly you could say she sought out a melody like a blind person trying to lasso a small bird. Caruso loved her. Mrs Miller torched the pop charts in the 60s - Petula Clark's DOWNTOWN was the killer - with an excruciating vibrato that threw people under tables. And of course William Shatner, the guv?nor, made an album called THE TRANSFORMED MAN which pretty much redefined music as we knew it then and know it now. Where lies the appeal of Wing? Some have told me they like it when she sings exceedingly high. Others enjoy her tendency to sing against the tempo. This is not a bad thing - check out Bob Dylan in LIKE A ROLLING STONE where he begins the final chorus before the band has arrived, like a huge wave surprising small children on a rock. Possibly my favourite moment in all of music. 
Wing sings around Auckland in rest homes, hospitals and blind institutes. But her following is growing appreciably. Not surprisingly, student radio have been nibbling, and my people tell me she is played reverentially in the Dunedin gay community. Wing received a grant from the Manukau City Council early on, but fiscally, this is essentially a solo flight. Quite a few music stores are now carrying her music ? she says she got their addresses from ?the telephone dictionary? - though one of the CD chains told her the third album THE SOUND OF MUSIC AND THE PRAYER sounded "childish." It has, nevertheless, been her biggest seller to date. The first album has now sold out. The latest Wing is WING SINGS THE CARPENTERS. My son, who has never played me a single piece of music I have even half-enjoyed, described this as "gold". Finally we agree. This is unquestionably premium Wing, climaxed by two Carpenterless extras - a charming POKAREKARE ANA and a searingly ambitious AVE MARIA. 
Four CDs now. Wing has spent at least ten thousand dollars on each one. That's a lot of cash. She has begun advertising on radio - after I had advised caution over one $900 outlay she said she was going ahead anyway, it was a good deal, big discount, and they were throwing in a petrol voucher. She has her own web site www.wingmusic.co.nz where you can hear tantalizing samples from her albums. And she has flown down to Dunedin twice more to further the cause. I talked her out of a letter-box flyer drop. 

?I have sacrificed everything for my singing? she says. ?I just love to sing.? 
