Point® is the reliable, easy-to-use loan origination solution that makes your job easier at every step of the loan process.
Loan Marketing

The Calyx® Solution provides all the tools that loan officers need to attract prospective borrowers, manage leads, and market loans. Point makes it easy to print flyers that provide three side-by-side loan comparisons for specific properties. And with WebCaster®, mortgage brokers and direct lenders can reach prospects with a transactional web site, complete with online loan applications and loan status reports that are integrated with Point.
Prequalification

Point contains the tools and forms that loan officers need to prequalify prospective borrowers for first, second, and investment mortgages. With Point, the loan officer can quickly show prospects how much they might qualify for, then follow up with side-by-side loan comparisons that make it easy to compare loan products. Amortization schedules, rent vs. own comparisons, debt consolidation summaries, and cash-to-close statements can also be generated.
Origination and Disclosure

Point makes the process of completing the loan application and disclosure forms?including the Good Faith Estimate and Truth-in-Lending forms?efficient. With customizable Loan Program, Closing Cost Scenario, and Master File templates, loan officers can insert information in the loan file automatically?saving time and reducing data entry errors. With interfaces to numerous mortgage service companies built in, loan officers can easily transfer data to the partner of their choice.
Automated Underwriting

With Point, loan officers and processors can take advantage of the speed and efficiency of automated underwriting. Enjoy seamless communication with Lenders in Point® and built-in interfaces to Fannie Mae Desktop Originator® and Freddie Mac Loan Prospector®. Underwriting decisions are received in minutes, loan files are updated automatically, and a list of findings is provided so processors know exactly what information is required for fulfillment.
Processing

Point offers the numerous forms that are required when preparing the loan package for submission, including the loan application; verifications of deposit, employment, loan, rent, and mortgage; FHA and VA forms; and the 1008 Transmittal Summary?just to name a few. Point allows processors to complete tasks in the order they prefer?data flows from one screen to the next without having to be re-entered. And exchanging data with lenders and service providers is easy?the necessary interfaces are built right into Point.
Closing

Whether loans are closed in the broker's name or in the lender's name, processors can take advantage of interfaces to closing document service providers. Built right into Point, these interfaces enable processors to send data directly to the closing document software. The speed and ease of data transfer eliminates costly errors that can be made when data entry is rushed, and it enables loans to close more quickly.