The Italian Job 2003         Picture: 640x272

DVDRIP                       Audio: 116kbit/s, MPEG LAYER-3

XVID                         Video: 25 frames/s, 117kbit/s

ENG

Length 1:41:45

RIPPED BY W00D

\"First Rip\"

Plot:

Gang of robbers, lead by career criminal Charlie Croker, create the largest traffic jam in Los Angeles history, giving them time to pull off a theft of gold bullion. They get away in their Mini Coopers, which are small enough to drive on sidewalks so they can make a clean get away before the traffic jam clears. Written by Mark Cameron

After Charlie and his crew pull off a picture perfect heist of tens of millions of dollars worth of gold in Venice, Italy they must overcome the betrayal of one of their own who in turn kills another teammate to reclaim their ill-gotten gains in yet another high tech heist. Written by FMJ_Joker

In Venice, Italy, a team of expert theives pulls a daring heist of 35 million dollars in bars of gold. One of the theives betrays his companions and swipes the gold for himself. One year later, in Los Angeles, the surviving team members create a smart and devious plan to steal back the gold and get their revenge on the traitor. Written by Michael

The plan was flawless... the job was executed perfectly... the escape was clean. The only threat mastermind thief Charlie Croker (Wahlberg) never saw coming was a member of his own crew. After pulling off an amazing gold bullion heist from a heavily guarded palazzo in Venice, Italy, Charlie and his gang -- inside man Steve (Norton), computer genius Lyle (Green), wheelman handsome Rob (Statham), explosives expert Left-Ear (Mos Def) and veteran safecracker John Bridger (Sutherland) - can\'t believe when one of them turns out to be a double-crosser. Enter Stella (Theron), a beautiful nerves-of-steel safecracker, who joins Charlie and his former gang when they follow the backstabber to California, where they plan to re-steal the gold by tapping into Los Angeles\' traffic control system, manipulating signals and creating one of the biggest traffic jams in LA history. Now the job isn\'t the payoff, it\'s about payback. Written by averagefilms.

Mark Wahlberg ... Charlie Croker

Charlize Theron ... Stella Bridger

Donald Sutherland ... John Bridger

Jason Statham ... Handsome Rob

Seth Green ... Lyle

Mos Def ... Left Ear

Edward Norton ... Steve