Do you think Trey Parker and Matt Stone are talented guys?
Do you fantasize about being friends with Matt and Trey?
Do you think "MnT are totally fuckin' tight" and that they would "totally 
kick it" with you?
Are you secretly in love with Matt and Trey?
Do Matt's sweet ass and Trey's pouty lips somehow call to you?
Would you fill your DVDA spots 2 and 4 with Matt and Trey?
(They would actually want spots 3 and 4.  Together.)

If you have no fucking clue what this is all about, DVDA is a band
whose members include Matt Stone and Trey Parker.  If you're still
clueless, Trey Parker and Matt Stone are responsible for South Park. 
Please, please tell me you've at least heard of South Park.  If you
haven't, put this down, back away, pick up some nice Dan Fogelberg.

For the uninitiated fans, I'll just lay it out for you:  DVDA means
double-vaginal double-anal.  Yes, that means penetration.  Yes, it's a
dirty, dirty thing and you should just go wash your hands right now
just to be safe.  But, dude, DV is impressive, and DA is impressive...
 DVDA is amazing.  The band isn't far off from that - amazing, and
plugging every good hole you have on your sorry body.  DVDA is a
motherfuckin' rock band.

I made this because Trey Parker and Matt Stone have produced some
great tracks as a few official releases here and there and as a few
live performances.  The recurring theme is "a few," as DVDA isn't a
very active public band, so what better way to pull them together than
an overproduced fan compilation?  Most of these songs were written by
Trey Parker, including the songs that are not officially credited to
DVDA but are written and performed by Trey and other DVDA members (and
definitely in the style of DVDA).  These include tracks from Orgazmo,
Team America: World Police, BASEketball, and, of course, South Park.

Much care and late-night haze has gone in to producing this
compilation, especially the equalization and compression of "Sgt.
Baker" and the live tracks.  For the record, Acrid and I loved every
one of the probably fifty times we listened to "Sgt. Baker" while
mixing.  Yes sir, yesss, siirrr!  If you enjoy this comp, share it
with friends or just those within earshot of a very loud stereo.  Matt
and Trey and Bruce and the rest of DVDA love to play music, and they
kick ass at it - play it loud.

DVDA Residue is a FTS release:  Fuck The Scene!  Fuck yeah!

- slurpee


Steve fucking Perry, get to the track list already:

[*** DVDA Residue ***]

	1. Now You're A Man

	2. America, Fuck Yeah
		From "Team America: World Police"

	3. Sgt. Baker
		Primus cover, from "Sailing the Seas of Cheese"

	4. Timmy
		Timmy and the Lords of the Underworld

	5. What Would Brian Boitano Do? Pt. II

	6. Warts on Your Dick
		From "BASEketball"

	7. Living A Lie
		Timmy and the Lords of the Underworld

	8. Montage
		From "Team America: World Police"

	9. Only A Woman
		From "Team America: World Police"

	10. America, Fuck Yeah (Bummer Remix)
		From "Team America: World Police"

	11. Hell Isn't Good  (Featuring James Hetfield)

	12. Hot Lava  (Featuring Perry Farrell)

	* DVDA Live:  Opening for WEEN 6.30.00
	13. Crack
	14. David Kelley, TV Warrior
	15. Now You're A Man
	16. I Am Chewbacca
	17. Sgt. Baker
	18. What Would Brian Boitano Do?

192k MP3s plus high- and low-res cover art - you love me, I know.

This album contains mostly unreleased tracks downloaded from the amazing 
collection at spschat.com, they are primarily to thank!  This collection was 
inspired by their superfandom, check them out for lyrics & more.
