
-rare to find-


The One Eyed Dude

delivers you with


:. title .:

..:: Drakan - Order of the Flame (c) Psygnosis! 100% Version ::..



:. Ripped .: 

nuthing...its complete!



:. About .:

Every self-respecting fantasy game has dragons, and nine times 
out of ten it's your job to slay the evil things.

But Drakan: Order of the Flame is one of those rarer occasions 
when the dragon actually does your bidding. Drakan first comes 
across as a third-person action game like any other in the quickly 
burgeoning genre, but you'll know this game is onto something 
early on, when lanky redheaded heroine Rynn releases the kindly 
old dragon Arokh and takes to the skies on his back. Add great 
graphics, mean monsters, deadly traps, and huge areas to explore 
both from the sky and on foot, and you'll see that Drakan is clearly 
one of the better games in its class, even if it doesn't seem especially
original. After all, Rynn's just a medieval Lara Croft riding on your 
average dragon. You won't remember Drakan for its characters, 
but you'll have fun playing it...

If the world of Drakan weren't filled with ill-tempered eight-foot tall pig men,
acid-spitting bird-beasts, and evil spirits, it would make a beautiful vacation 
spot. 
Rynn's adventures will take her from snowy mountains to tropical islands
and from ancient catacombs to dormant volcanoes. All these settings are 
colorful and vividly detailed with realistic weather and lighting effects, and 
visibility remains high except when you soar way up to see mountains suddenly 
appear on the horizon 
as you fly by. Though most of them are your typical sword-and-sorcery fodder,
the denizens that sully these otherwise attractive locations are distinctively 
designed, from the menacing but oafish trolls to the predictably seductive yet 
vaguely reptilian succubi. 
Rynn can literally hack them all to bits with a huge variety of mundane and 
magical medieval weapons, though the greatest difference among most of 
these is their appearance.


:. screenshots .:  
http://www.gamespot.com/pc/action/drakanorderoftheflame/images.html?om_act=convert&om_clk=gsimage&tag=images;all



:. Install .:

1.: Unrar with latest winrar and mount iso, then install game!
2.: copy contents of Crack folder to game Install folder! (2 files),its NO TROJAN)
3.: double click > CracKDrakan.exe < (must be done)
4.: double click > Drakan.exe < to start the game.

enjoy!, and happy gaming!





Special Info Note:

Some virus-scanner recognize the header of packed exe's (CracKDrakan.exe)

as a lame virus, (coz it's the mostly byte by byte check error of 'em!.)

This is truly a false information!,  a so called false positive, you can read 

more about in your VirusTool-Manual 