Artist: Planet Alliance
Album: Planet Alliance
Label: Metal Heaven
Style: Melodic Hard Rock/Metal
Grabber: EAC
Encoder: LAME
Quality: VBRkbps/44,1kHz
Reldate: 08-18-2006
Street: 09-15-2006
Size: 75,8MB
Songs: 11

Line up:
Mike Andersson - vocals, keyboards
Magnus Karlsson - guitars, keyboards
Bob Daisley - bass
Magnus Rosén - bass
Anders Johansson - drums
Jaime Salazar - drums
Mattias "IA" Eklundh - guitar
Carl-Johan Grimmark - guitar
Janne Stark - guitar

Tracks:

01. The Real You                                      
02. Remember Me                                        
03. Aint No Pleasin You                                
04. Calling My Name                                
05. A Taste Of Paradise                                
06. The Quickening                                   
07. Divided We Stay                                   
08. Its Your Cross To Bear                          
09. The Great Unknown                               
10. Where To Go                                        
11. Digging Your Own Grave 

Release notes:

The highly respected producer and knob wizard Anders "Theo" Theander was asked to put together an "All star" project and with great enthusiasm and a lot of work PLANET ALLIANCE was born: Planet Alliance is a project-band where several respected, high class musicians were carefully selected in order to participate in the line-up. The musical direction is melodic hardrock/metal with strong hooklines. Mike Andersson (Cloudscape) and Magnus Karlsson (Last Tribe, Starbreaker, Allen/Lande Project) started to compose songs for Planet Alliance in early 2005. Bob Daisley (Gary Moore, ex Ozzy Osbourne) and Janne Stark (Locomotive Breath, Overdrive) were also invited to contribute with songs in order to complete the setlist. Anders Johansson (Hammerfall, ex Yngwie J. Malmsteen) and Jaime Salazar (Last Tribe, Allen/Lande Project, ex Flower Kings) was asked to share the drum responsibilities and shortly thereafter also Magnus Rosén (Hammerfall) and Bob Daisley joined to share the bass responsibilities. Except for Magnus Karlsson on guitar there are another 3 fantastic guitarists that perform on the album. Each guitarist has their own style and puts their own personal flavour which has made a very exciting vibe to the album and all guitarists are very different from one another stylewise. The guitarists are Carl-Johan Grimmark (Narnia, Rob Rock), Mattias "IA" Eklundh (Freak Kitchen), Janne Stark and of course Magnus Karlsson. This is a high class performance and collection of songs in order to please every whole-hearted metal/hardrock fan that has sense for great melodies. The album was produced, recorded and mixed by Anders "Theo" Theander at the famous Roastinghouse Studio AB in Malmoe, Sweden.

Enjoy