Ad-Aware 2007 is the latest version of Lavasoft?s industry leading anti-spyware solutions. Ad-Aware 2007 allows you to combat the growing threats and latest advancements of malicious spyware and malware.

Ad-Aware 2007 protects you from spyware that secretly takes control of your computer, resulting in aggressive advertising pop-ups, sluggish computer activity and even identity theft through stolen private information. We give you the tools to detect hazardous content on your computer, clearly identify their threat level, and then give you the control to remove unwanted content, so that your private information remains right where it should - under your control.

Lavasoft?s advanced Code Sequence Identification (CSI) technology roots out deeply hidden malware and then searches for similar codes in order to identity emerging variants. Ad-Aware 2007 thoroughly scans your memory, registry, Hosts file, hard, removable and optical drives for known data-mining, aggressive advertising, parasites, scumware, keyloggers, trojans, dialers, malware, browser hijackers, and tracking components.

Ad-Aware 2007 Free remains the most popular anti-spyware product for computer users around the world, with nearly one million downloads every week. Our free anti-spyware version provides you with advanced protection against spyware that secretly attaches and takes control of your computer, resulting in aggressive advertising pop-ups, sluggish computer activity, even identity theft through stolen bank details, passwords, and credit card account numbers. If you want real-time scanning capabilities, consider upgrading to Ad-Aware 2007 Plus for real-time protection against spyware, all the time!

What's New in Ad-Aware 2007 Free:
? Redesigned Engine ? Benefit from superior program flexibility and more accurate scanning methods with all-new program architecture.
? Improved Code Sequence Identification (CSI) Technology ? Boost your privacy protection with precise detection of embedded malware, including known and emerging threats.
? Incremental Definition File Updates ? Save precious time and resources with smaller update files resulting in faster download times.
? TrackSweep - Control privacy by erasing tracks left behind while surfing the Web on Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Opera, with one easy click.
? Multiple Browser Support ? Choose Internet Explorer, Firefox, or Opera with expanded browser support.
? New Straightforward User Interface ? Effortlessly maneuver the complexities of malware detection and removal with our new user-friendly interface.

More Key Features:
? User-Controlled Spyware Removal - Decide for yourself what to delete from your system and what to keep.
? Extensive Detection Database ? Stay protected with regular updates from the extensive library of identified and analyzed spyware.
? System Restore Point ? Easily revert back to your clean system to recover from a spyware attack.

Operating Systems: Windows 2000 Pro, 2000 Server, 2003 Server, XP (Home/Professional), XP 64-Bit Edition, Windows Terminal Services

Web Browser: Internet Explorer (version 5.5 or higher), Firefox (version 1.5 or higher), or Opera (version 9 or higher)

Note: Ad-Aware 2007 Free is free of charge for personal home use only.

Changes in Ad-Aware 2007 7.0.1.2:
- Fully redesigned engine with program flexibility and more accurate scanning methods
- Improved Code Sequence Identification (CSI) technology detects embedded malware and emerging threats
- Incremental Definitions File updates save time and resources
- TrackSweep privacy tool erases tracks left behind while surfing the Web
- Multiple browser support ? Internet Explorer, Firefox, or Opera. New straightforward user interface 