This is the complete Claude Challe's - Les Bains Douches album.

This is the 2003 release - consiting of two discs - Restaurant and Dancefloor.

I've also included the tracks that were to be found in the original 1996 release -

Restaurant : Track 04 - King of Trance - Myxtery

Dancefloor : Track 12 - Fantasia - Cosmic Baby

These 2 files are now very difficult to find. I found them only in the Kademlia network. These have been assigned as Track No. 13 in the respective discs.

Les Bains Douches has been reviewed as öne of the hardest to find cd ever" and is one of the master-pieces of Challe's.

 	

     7 of 9 people found the following review helpful: 
 The hardest to find cd ever!!!!!!!!!!, November 21, 2003 By 	Jose Najas Raad (Miami, FL USA) - See all my reviews
    

After 4 years looking for it everywhere (In the U.S. Europe, SOuth AMerica, eBay, etc) and not being able to find even a copy of it, I finally will be able to lay my hands on this awesome cd. Claude Challe is the maximum exponent of Chill Out/World Music, and this was his first cd. Each one of his posterior releases (Lover Dose, Buddha Bar, Oriental Sensations, Nirvana Lounge, Je Nous Aime, Sun) has been a 6 stars out of 5. Way better than Costes, Cafe del mar, Karminsky (which are all excellent in their own right) and on par with the "Chill Out in Paris" series by David Visan (his only worthy succesor). Get your hands on one of this while you can (Challe is known for not letting his cd's become too commercial by releasing a VERY limited number. Believe me...I didn't buy it back in 98 and have regretted it ever since. 

 Comment | Was this review helpful to you?   (Report this) 




  	8 of 10 people found the following review helpful: 
 About Time, December 1, 2003 By 	DJ Cyrus (Woodland Hills, CA USA) - See all my reviews

I had given up on looking for this CD. I have found 12" vinyls that were very rare and released in the early 1980's in limited quantities, simply by looking on the Web, ebay and various search engines. Finding this original Title by Claude Challe was impossible. I Even tried to find it by emailing Claude, but that was not successfull. Get your copy of this Re-release while you can. it is a classic and contains many nice tracks. The sound quality of this CD is excellent. I have a feeling, it may have been re-mastered this time. what ever the case may be, I am so happy to have a copy and recommend all world/Fusion music lovers to buy this Title.

Disc: 1 
1. Spiritual High (Pt. 1, Pt. 2, Pt. 3) - Moodswings 
2. Autumn Leaves - Coldcut 
3. Emotions of Paradise - Miro 
4. I Won't Come With You - Laurent Dury, 
5. Hurry to Me - Roy Budd 
6. Brazil 
7. Rumba Do Vesou - Thierry Robin 
8. Ya Rayah - Rachid Taha 
9. Taal Zaman - Transglobal Underground 
10. Lily Was Here - Candy Dulfer, Dave Stewart 
11. If the 60's Were 90's [Bart of Life Mix Par P. M Dawn] - Beautiful People 
12. Start the Dancer - Black Science Orchestra 

Disc: 2 
1. 60 Seconds 
2. St Mark Square - Black Science Orchestra 
3. Autumn Love - Electra 
4. Una Lacrima Sul Viso [Dance Version] - Bobby Solo 
5. Latin Joint - Baby Buddah Heads 
6. Es Pa Ti Mi Vida [Tribal Mix] 
7. Sweetly [Ipoetic Version] 
8. 1992, Funky Guitar 
9. Insomnia - Faithless 
10. Afroleft - Leftfield 
11. Cajesukarije-Cocek - Goran Bregovic 
12. Cumparsita [Tang'oriental House Mix] - Hovannes K.

ENJOY !!!!





