THE DESCENT - SCARY AS HELL EDITION

This is my second fanedit.
It is my take on the rather great horror movie THE DESCENT.

Details:
82 minutes, NTSC
english


What was done?
-Sarah is not hallucinating:
Sarah is a the traumatized psycho of the group. In a terrible car accident her kid and 

husband get killed, while she was driving. When the other girls take her on the caving tour 

she is still not cured. During the movie she has lots of hallucinations and in the grand 

finale she is living in her hallucination, celebrating the birthday of her daughter.
All of this is gone. She is traumatized, yes, but we don't see why and we never experience 

any of her hallucinations. Removing these scenes made Sarah more a member of the group and 

less the focus of it all. Also it spares the audience from the rather dragging and long 

beginning and it makes the single ending more possible. Removing the hallucinations keeps 

the entire movie in reality.

-Juno is a hero
Juno is the heroine of the group, the fighter, the leader with great physical skills and a 

bit of a lack in social skills. She is responsible for the group getting lost in the cave 

and she also by accident kills one of the girls. For this she has to pay a great price. 

Sarah hits her with a climbing hammer, so she cannot run away from the crawlers and is 

destined to die.
This killing by revenge was for me the reason for this fanedit. It was an accident. Juno is 

a good guy and she saved more lives than each of the other girls. Killing her like that was 

totally unnecessary and it felt unfair to me. Yes, she walks away from the dying Beth, 

although Beth asks her to stay, but still, she is in panic and it is all too much. Her 

reaction is maybe not nice, but very understandable.
Since I don't want to spoil it all, I will just say: I changed a lot, so Juno can be a hero 

in the end.

-One ending is enough
Yes, it simply is. The second ending felt completely senseless to me and rather confused me 

than making me think: "oh brilliant." Now I think I do get the intention of the director, 

but it did not work for me, so I changed it to one single ending.

What was not done?
I didn't touch the monsters, although my first intention was to reduce their scenes. But 

with the entire movie in reality, they are just scary, disgusting and cool, even in the 

scene, when one crawler sits on Sarah and doesn't realize that she is alive.
The monsters appear late, but they do quite intense then.

So finally you get a horror movie, which was improved in my opinion. The original is great, 

but this one is for sure scarier.

Enjoy.

More about fanedits:
www.fanedit.org

You must own the original movie to legally watch this.

This will be released as high quality DVD later on on Rapidshare, available through 

www.fanedit.org.

Who am I?
I am 3Raz0r, I like horror movies and I dig fanedits.