Ljudupptagning från Medisons presskonferens (företaget som säger sig sälja en bärbar dator för 150 USD).

Det hela är mycket roande/skrämmande då Medisons VD gör det ena otroliga uttalandet efter det andra. Saker som framkommer:

â?¢ Their competition uses about 50-60% of their budget on advertising.
â?¢ Competitors have contacted them and want to collaborate.
â?¢ The press conference was delayed because Valdi had to go to Copenhagen and have an important meeting with UNICEF.
â?¢ The other persons in Medison are not really hired; they are just on vacation from their normal jobs in the furniture business and military.
â?¢ Vista is no problem, you just need more RAM.
â?¢ There is no risk of having the same name as another multinational company according to their legal councils.
â?¢ The company doesn't have any economical assets.
â?¢ The reason that they didn't believe that this would become so big is because they only announced the product and website to a small local website at first.
â?¢ The reason that the project started is that their CEO didn't have any income in Brazil and needed some way to gain money.
â?¢ They are still in negotiations with logistics and service organizations, even that the first computers will be delivered the coming weeks.
â?¢ VAT is supposed to be paid by Medison.
â?¢ In total contrast to what 2CO says, Medison says that they are the sellers and only using 2CO as a payment provider. They claim that contract is between the consumers and Medison Europe Limited and NOT 2CO.
â?¢ The reason they chose Fedora is that they hasnâ??t looked at the alternatives and doesn't know anything about them. They may change Linux distribution in the future if any company behind the distributions wants to pay for it.
â?¢ Medison only have "virtual offices" since they are so few.
â?¢ He is dead serious about running for prime minister. He will do this without being part of a political party and he will do this as soon as possible. It's important to note that this isn't an answer forced by the journalists; he talks in detail about it.


NOTE: The sound is in Swedish! 
BTW, rekommenderar ingen att köpa datorn...

Se även: 
http://www.medisonscam.info/ 
http://www.cint.se/debatt/ShowPostFlat.aspx?PostID=62603 
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yvnyRLpwsF4
