The Lord of the Rings - The Battle for Middle-Earth (c) EA Games
- ------------------------------------------------------------ -

Supplied by ....: HOODLUM        Release Date ..: 2004/12/09
Cracked by .....: HOODLUM        Game Type .....: Strategy
Packaged by ....: HOODLUM        Image Format ..: ISO

Protection ......: SD4

Experience Middle-earth like never before in the first The Lord of the
Rings game that puts you in command of a real-time, open world.

Control the legendary heroes, massive armies, and epic campaigns of
Middle-earth in over 25 missions based on all three films of
The Lord of the Rings trilogy.

From waging all-out combat among the vast forces of good and evil to
controlling your favorite heroes and characters to managing the troops
and resources of your side, the fate of a living,
breathing Middle-earth is in your hands.

- Command the legendary heroes and armies of
Middle-earth? in a real-time, open world.

- Fight the epic, sweeping battles from the Academy Award-winning
The Lord of the Rings? fi lm trilogy from a whole new perspective?as
commander of hundreds of soldiers and creatures.

- Control massive armies and interactive battlefields
across the vast world of Middle-earth.

- Lead the forces of good or evil by controlling one of four
unique groups, from the Riders of Rohan to the forces of Sauron,
each with its own playing style, resource management,
and base-building techniques.

- Take command of strategic territories across a highly detailed,
3D map of Middle-earth and turn the tide in the battle to
control The One Ring.

- Forge new heroes, customize their abilities and powers,
then lead them into battle where they?ll gain experience
and rank in their quest for victory.

- Watch your armies come to life as they express emotion?from
anger to fear to triumph?when reacting to events
and their surroundings.

- Make smarter and faster decisions in the heat of battle
with an all-new intuitive, streamlined interface that gives
you contextual control of your forces and structures.

Installation
1. Unrar
2. Burn the ISO
3. Install
4. Use the crack in the HOODLUM directory on the DVD
5. Play!

Watch out for more quality releases by your heroes in HOODLUM!

Greetz to all the true sceners out there.