BioByte's  new  Bio-Loom  program  weaves 
                   several  different threads of data into a 
                   cohesive whole. 
                             
                   Of   course,  Bio-Loom  still  calculates 
                   hydrophobic  and  molecular  refractivity 
                   parameters  via CLOGP & CMR, calculations 
                   which  have  been  the world standard for 
                   decades,  but  it  now has the ability to 
                   access  BioByte's  entire Thor Masterfile 
                   database,   which  includes  over  60,000 
                   measured  log P and log D values (in many 
                   solvent   systems),  as  well  as  14,000 
                   pKas,  including  associated  references. 
                             
                   The  biological activity searches are now 
                   much  more powerful than before. Hundreds 
                   of  searchable biological activity types, 
                   both   TARGETS   (e.g.  HmgCoA  reductase 
                   inhibitors) and RESULTS (e.g. 
                   anti-hyperlipidemic)  lead  to  thousands 
                   of  active structures, many of which have 
                   been carefully studied via QSAR. 
                             
                   For  example,  say  you are investigating 
                   cognition  enhancers (105 hits). What are 
                   the structural relationships to 
                   nootropics  (68)?  Cerebral  vasodilators 
                   (23)?  Anti-Alzheimers (55)? Bio-Loom can 
                   show you. 
                             
                   You  are  also  interested in the targets 
                   associated  with  each  result.  Which of 
                   the above are AcChE Inhibitors? 
                   Muscarinic  Agonists?  Bio-Loom  can show 
                   you.      
                             
                   The entire QSAR Database is now 
                   available for easy and flexible 
                   searching    online,    accessible   only 
                   through  the Bio-Loom program! Click here 
                   for  an introduction, which shows how one 
                   might  discover  valuable  QSAR  data  on 
                   cox-2 inhibitors such as Vioxx, 
                   Celebrex,  and  Arcoxia,  and some of the 
                   interesting   questions  that  such  data 
                   could pose for drug developers. 
                                                                      
°                  URL: http://www.biobyte.com