:: CINTA :: Sebuah Kisah Tentang Kasih
 
http://www.cintathemovie.com/

Young love, old love, new love, family love ? CINTA explores these emotions and more in a 5 stories - in - 1 movie set in the capital city of Malaysia, Kuala Lumpur. 

At first glance, CINTA reminds you of Richard Curtis? ?Love Actually? where a set of encounters and coincidences doesn?t run far from each other. Nevertheless CINTA is unique by itself, and is strengthened by the stellar performances of a few actors/actresses in the movie. 

Since this is a blog and I am allowed to be biased, let me just quickly run through the 5 stories based on my favourite to my least favourite. 


Age does not diminish one?s capacity for love or need for companionship. The marching of time has not been kind to Elyas (Dato? Rahim Razali), a retired schoolteacher. But despite illness and age, Rubiah (Fatimah Abu Bakar), a compassionate and kind woman sees Elyas? dignity and spirit shining through. Can you recognise the face of it, even if you have no memory of it? Does love have to end in your advancing years?

This story really touched me, and it was rather heartbreaking to watch Elyas? plight, being old and sick though not uncared for. The kindness and compassion shown to him by the people around him remind me of the years I spent in my grandparents? village, where things were simpler and the folks were friendly and caring. 

Rahim Razali and Fatimah Abu Bakar gave the two best performances in this movie. In hip-hop terms, they were real. 

Dyan (Nanu Baharudin) is a rich, successful architect but unlucky in love. Trapped in a love triangle, Dyan is protective of her younger brother Dhani (Que Haidar), a struggling artist who seems to lack ambition. Frustrated that her brother is wasting his talents, Dyan urges him to change his life. What sacrifices are you willing to make for the one you love?

This one struck home and turned me into an emotional wreck. I am the youngest in my family, and I can very well relate to Dyan being the elder sibling?s over protectiveness, and Dhani being the younger sibling?s rebellious nature. Like how this story ended (won?t spoil it for you guys), no matter how I struggle to ?be myself? and how my sisters struggle to ?give me space?, I know very well that there?s nothing we won?t do for one another. Hi sisters, I love you. 

Nanu Baharudin successfully portrayed a career woman who was not so tough when it came to her love life, and her strong feelings towards her brother. Watch out for Sofi Jikan who plays a busker and Dhani?s friend. 

Love really does happen when you least expect it. An unexpected meeting leads to an unexpected depth of feeling for Azlan (Eizlan Yusuff), a wealthy, eligible bachelor who runs a publishing empire. He meets Azura (Fasha Sandha), a strong and independant if opinionated book store assistant and romantically pursues Azura. But when she falls for him, is this girl from a simple background finally good enough for him?

The reason this is number 3 is because I like the simplicity of the story ? young, innocent love in a background of status and power. Quite Cinderella-ish, though I feel that the two main actors of this story can be rather ?kayu? and predictable at times. 

Arianna (Sharifah Amani) is a young girl who is literally looking for love in the wrong places in the city with the help of a kind stranger, Taufiq (Pierre Andre), a young journalist with a struggling tabloid. By depending on the kindness of strangers, does Arianna find the love that she desperately seeks or does she finally sees the one that truly loves her?

I have mixed feelings about this story, mostly due to the portrayal by the two lead actors. I have always adored Sharifah Amani, though I felt that there was something lacking with her here. After a while I realised that the character Arianna became Amani and not the other way around, as it should be. It?s not an utterly horrible thing ? she is cute and bubbly and I do like her, but perhaps she could be too one-dimensional in her approach to her roles. 

To me, Pierre Andre was a bit ?kayu?. But everyone else who has seen the movie disagreed with me, so I leave the judgment to you. 

Ignorance is bliss. Harris (Rashidi Ishak) who has built a thriving architect?s firm with Dyan, seems to have it all ? a beautiful wife Airin (Rita Rudaini), a beautiful daughter, a beautiful life. Until he wakes up one day to find out that his perfect life is but an illusion. Does he fight for her to stay, or does true love mean letting go of the one you love the most?

The storyline is sad, as in it is not a happy tale. My favourite character is Harris and Airin?s daughter. 

