Enjoy!



FL Studio V6 is without doubt the easiest and best-sounding way to create loops and grooves with your PC. It gives you a beautifully simple step-based sequencer that lets you create loops using built in soft synths, or any samples you choose to load. Loved by Pro's but so easy to use you'll be creating your own tracks straight away.

FruityLoops has always been a popular choice with desktop musicians; its intuitive interface and unrivalled parameter tweaking have earned it the reputation of being one of the best loop creation tools available.

Fruity Loops is, simply, a great fun program. It's easy-to-use,you'll be making music within a few minutes of installing the software, and it can easily be used alongside other music production tools.

Fruity Loops is ideal for trance, techno or house production, and you could probably turn out a fair Garage tune on it, too. It aims to emulate the classic, old-school synths that producers of these kinds of music love.

With Fruity Loops you compose your own loops using drum machines and synthesisers - and it really doesn't take too much time to get under way. There are loads of helpful things like chord generators which help you get on with programming the music without the need to know all the theory.

If you've never played with a synth before, it can be intimidating with all the talk of oscillators and voltage-controlled filters. By far the best way to find out what all the bits do is to turn the knobs and listen to the results - and Fruity Loops' synths are great for that! So as well as making great music, you can learn as you go. You can also import and tweak samples in WAV format, so you can drop breaks and licks from other sources into your tunes.

We think FruityLoops is amazing value for what it does and it'll be a while before you need anything else....

FL Studio (formerly Fruityloops) is the most complete virtual studio currently available. You will be creating wav, mp3 or midi songs or loops only minutes after launching it.

FL Studio (formerly Fruityloops) is a full-featured sequencer perfectly suited for creation of complex songs and realistic drum loops, with 32 bit internal mixing and advanced MIDI support. The resulting song or loop can be exported to a WAV/MP3 file and all MIDI events can be exported to a standard MIDI file.

FL Studio is a fun product but still helps you to create great sounding music. Use it on its own or as a fantastic complementary product for Cakewalk's SONAR, Home Studio, Music Creator, etc, Syntrillium's Cool Edit Pro 2, Adobe Audition, Steinberg Cubase, Cubasis, etc, ACID etc

FL Studio can play any sample file (wav), generator (FL Studio soft- synth), VSTi & DXi) or midi instrument you feed it.

FL Studio comes in 3 flavours: Fruityloops Edition, Producer Edition and XXL Edition. The Producer Edition includes everything found in the Fruityloops edition, plus audio recording and editing capabilities, XXL Edition includes FL Studio Producer edition, DirectWave Sampler, Sytrus Synthesizer, SimSynth Live,DrumSynth Live,Fruity SoundFont Player, Fruity DX-10, VideoPlayer and ~2.4 Gb DVD Sample Collection. For feature summary, see table below.

This is the boxed version of the software, which has the following exclusives over the online edition:

Printed getting started manual
FL Studio on CD (no worries if you have to re-format your system)
approx 4,000 royalty-free samples (many more in XXL version)
300+ loops

FL Studio is a pattern based sequencer, which means you create your songs in pieces (patterns) using the Step Sequencer and the Piano Roll view and then weld those pieces together using the Playlist window (the Playlist also supports full-featured audio tracks with hardrrive streaming). Then you can add a wide range of effects to your instruments (reverb, phaser, flanger etc.) and route the resulting mixer tracks in any way you like to create complex mixing chains with ease.

Key New Features in FL Studio 6

Enhanced mixer
Basic PDC support
Multiple MIDI input
Support for MIDI hold & sostenuto
DirectWave: full blown, multi layer/multi velocity sampler- MTC Wrapper plug-in (only XXL)
New Fruity Multiband Compressor plug-in (3 band)
New Sytrus 2 included in XXL - check more at www.sytrus.com (only XXL)
New EQUO automatable equalizer plugin
New Fruity Reeverb 2 plugin
New Fruity Squeeze plugin
New Chrome plug-in (visual effects)
New 'one-click recording' option
FPC2 plug-in (8 banks of 16 pads, ADSR envelopes, FX, kit & loop library
Fruity Browser "Search" capabilities

Main Features of Fruityloops software (all editions):

Internal 32 bit floating point mixing, up to 96kHz stereo.

Supports DirectSound and ASIO enabled sound cards for audio output.

Ability to function as a VSTi, DXi and a ReWire client.

Ability to host ReWire clients itself.

Realtime linear interpolation & sophisticated interpolation algorithms at rendering time.

Open architecture allowing third-party instruments (enhanced proprietary FL instruments standard, VSTi and DXi2) and effects (enhanced proprietary FL effects standard, VST, VST2 and DirectX).

Effects: A full set of high-precision mastering and special effects filters: reverb, compressor, procedural equalizer, distortion, phaser, flanger, bass boost, delay line and other.

Advanced sequencing methods allowing quick entering of realistic drum loops (step sequencing grid) and composing complex instrumentals (advanced piano roll, arpeggiator, keyboard tracking, real-time gate).

Unique note properties morphing ability (pitch, cutoff, resonance, panning).

Advanced mixer: 68 mixer tracks (64 insert and 4 send tracks) supporting up to 8 filters each; mixer tracks rerouting for creating of complex mixer chains; track recording with ASIO input support (for recording MIDI, vocals etc.); integrated procedural equalizer, volume and panning for each mixer track.

Integrated instruments: Sampler, TS404 (the popular bassline engine), 3xOSC (subsynth), Plucked! (plucked strings), MIDI Out, DX10 (FM synth), Scratcher (turntable emulator), WaveTraveller (wave bend synth), Wasp (demo), SimSynth Live (demo), and more.

Advanced playlist & full-featured audio tracks.

Live recording of control movements & integrated automation events editor.

Easy MIDI remote controlling of most parameters (VST plugins supported as well).

Procedural control over parameters by using special controller plugins.

Click removal & volume ramping to avoid pops.

Imports *.WAV, *.SYN (SimSynth 1 & 2), *.DS (DrumSynth) files, with effects applied.

Imports MIDI sequences and controller events.

Exports audio to 16Bit or 32Bit *.WAV file, *.MP3.

Can export MIDI notes & controller events to a standard MIDI file.


FL Studio 6 Producer Edition also features:

Record & mix up to 999 tracks of audio
Use effects on input while recording
64 channel Mixer with per-track EQ
Integrated WaveEditor

FL Studio 6 XXL Edition also features:

All Producer Edition Features
DirectWave: full blown, multi layer/multi velocity sampler- MTC Wrapper plug-in
Sytrus Synthesizer SimSynth Live, a powerful synthesizer
DrumSynth Live, a drum synthesizer
Fruity SoundFont Player, an advanced sampler which can load SoundFont2 instruments/drumkits collections.
Fruity DX-10, a 8-voice polyphonic FM synth
VideoPlayer for synchronized playback of video content inside FL Studio.
2.4 Gb DVD Sample Collection. A huge collection of over 2,4 GB of high quality samples, ready to be used with FL Studio and its plugins. This DVD is a collection of the best samples coming from SampleFusion Sample CD collection. 


DroMan