Contains vol 1 - 4.


Vol 1:
======
 Usable on PCs and Macintosh computers. This CD-ROM contains more then 300 original complete datasheets in English in electronic PDF format. Included are logic circuits (74xxOO and 4000 serIes), voltage regulators, linear circuits, data converters, and miscellaneous devices.


Vol 2:
======
 Datasheets of the 1000 most frequently used discrete semiconductors We have prepared an ideal and practical solution for those who spend (too) much time on collecting technical data of electronic components used in Elektor projects: the datasheets as originally produced by the manufacturer, that is, in English, on CD-ROM. They can be rapidly opened for your perusal on your PC or Macintosh, and, if you so wish, run off on your own printer. The resolution depends on your printer, bacause all the sheets are in electronic PDF format. The Acrobat Reader needed for the conversion is also included on the CD-ROM, so you can make an immediate start. Features of the CD-ROM: Original English-language datasheets of 1000 discrete components: small-signal transistors, power transistors, MOSFETs, thyristors, triacs, signal diodes, power diodes, opto-isolators, variable capacitance diodes, zener diodes, light-emitting diodes, displays
 

Vol 3:
======
 Datasheets of more than 200 microprocessors

We have prepared an ideal and practical solution for those who spend (too) much time on collecting technical data of electronic components used in Elektor projects: the datasheets as originally produced by the manufacturer, that is, in English, on CD-ROM. They can be rapidly opened for your perusal on your PC or Macintosh, and, if you so wish, run off on your own printer. The resolution depends on your printer, bacause all the sheets are in electronic PDF format. The Acrobat Reader needed for the conversion is also included on the CD-ROM, so you can make an immediate start.

Features of the CD-ROM:
Original English-language datasheets of more than 200 microprocessors: Analog Devices ADSP21xx, Atmel 89C51 series, AVR 90 and Mega, Cypress 7C63xxx, Dallas DS5000 series, DS80Cxxx , Microchip PIC12Cxxx, PIC16Cxx, Motorola 68HC05, 68HC08, 68HC11 series, National Semiconductor COP8 series, Scenix SX18, SX20, SX28, SX48, SX52 series, Siemens 80C166, 80C515, 80C517, ST Microelectronics ST6 series, Temic 80C51 series, Philips 80C51 series


Vol 4:
======
This CD-ROM contains unabridged and original datasheets as supplied by many of the world's leading microcontroller manufacturers. You can instantly view the datasheets on your computer (PC or Macintosh), and if necessary produce hard copy on your printer, the resolution being determined by the printer as all datasheets are supplied in PDF format. The Acrobat Reader program need to open, view and print the datasheets is included on the CD-ROM, so you can get started straight away.

This CD-ROM provides datasheets on Flash EEPROM, EPROM, Serial EPROM, PLC (PAL), misc. I/O, DRAM (SIMM, DIMM), SCRAM (synchronous, fast, low-power, pseudo and more).