Showtime (2002) 

Cast overview, first billed only:
Robert De Niro	.... 	Det. Mitch Preston
Rachael Harris	.... 	Teacher (as Rachel Harris)
Eddie Murphy	.... 	Officer Trey Sellars
Zaid Farid	.... 	Police Captain Ben
Alex Borstein	.... 	Casting Director
Holly Mandel	.... 	Producer
Marshall Manesh	.... 	Convenience Store Owner
Nestor Serrano	.... 	Ray
T.J. Cross	.... 	ReRun
Mos Def	        .... 	Lazy Boy
James Roday	.... 	'Showtime' Cameraman
Joel Hurt Jones	.... 	Reporter #1
Chris Harrison	.... 	Reporter #2
Perri Peltz	.... 	Reporter #3
Amy Powell	.... 	Reporter #4
  (more)


Runtime: 95 min
Country: USA
Genre: Action / Comedy (more)  
Language: English, Spanish,German Dolby Digital 5.1
Region:PAL
Subtitles: Spanish,German, French, Italian, Portuges und andere....
Deleted: Trailer, Document

Sinopsis:SHOWTIME deftly combines clever satire and explosive action, taking the buddy cop movie in a new direction. Robert De Niro stars as Mitch Preston, a no-nonsense detective who makes headlines when he shoots the television camera right out of the hands of a meddlesome photographer during a bust. The department is sued for millions, but a slick producer (Rene Russo) drops the suit to force Mitch to star on the network?s new reality series. Trey Sellars (Eddie Murphy), a struggling actor and incompetent patrolman, bamboozles his way into a plum role as Mitch?s partner. Mitch is a better cop, but Trey knows a lot more about how to be a TV star. He even comes up with the show?s catchphrase: "It?s SHOWTIME!" In the film?s funniest setpiece, William Shatner is brought in to teach Mitch and Trey how to master important TV cop procedures, like jumping on the hood of a car. Things get more serious as the celebrity cops track down a crazed criminal armed with a powerful new weapon. Director Tom Dey (SHANGHAI NOON) keeps things moving, and laces the action with reflexive humor. Murphy is in fine comic form, and has terrific chemistry with De Niro.

DvDDecrypter, DvDRemake PRo and DvDRebuilder Pro + HC(2 pass)

- Reduction Level for DVD-5: 80.6%
- Overall Bitrate : 4'486Kbs
- Space for Video : 3'495'860KB
- HIGH/LOW/TYPICAL Bitrates: 7'272/1'229/4'486 Kbs
