
                      Cars: The Videogame *REPACK* (c) THQ

     RELEASE.DATE .......... : 07/2006 :: SUPPLIER ........ : Dana/DEViANCE
     RELEASE.SIZE ............ : 1 DVD :: PACKER .......... : Dana/DEViANCE
     PROTECTION .. : SecuROM 7.21.0012 :: CRACKER ........ : Faith/DEViANCE


     Race to the finish line in Disney/Pixar Cars,  the  video  game.  It's
     Piston Cup season again and  last  year's  hotshot  rookie,  Lightning
     McQueen, is ready to race. Explore the town of  Radiator  Springs  and
     the rest of Ornament Valley with Lightning as you collect  bolt  icons
     and gain bonus points. Complete a variety of races and mini-games with
     your favorite Cars characters--and some new ones too.  So  start  your
     engines, hold on tight, and get ready to leave the competition in  the
     dust!

     http://www.carsvideogame.com/


     Repack Note : No more trouble during installation.
                   Installation dir/files are hidden (+h), if you want
                   to browse just config to show hidden files.

                   And besides, our crack works. Ofcourse you all already
                   know that because you clueless nukers always test!
                   On some machines the game crashes at start, but this is
                   also happening using the clone. Don't blame the
                   crackers, blame the coders..



     1 . Unrar
     2 . Burn or mount
     3 . Install the game
     4 . Copy the crack from the DEViANCE dir on the DVD into game dir
     5 . Play and enjoy, you might die tomorrow



     We do this for FUN. We are against any profit or commercialisation  of
     piracy. We do not spread any release, others do that. We do  NOT  want
     our nfo or release listed on  any  public  place  like  websites,  P2P
     netorks, newsgroups, etc! It is  against the  original  scene   rules!
     In fact, we BUY all our own games with our own hard earned and  worked
     for efforts. Which is from our own real life  non-scene  jobs.  As  we
     love game originals. Nothing beats a  quality  original.  Support  the
     software companies. If you like this game BUY it! We did!

     Our cracks may not be used or altered for any  other  release  without
     our permission! Allowed groups are: GENESiS, BACKLASH, SACRED, RiTUEL,
     VLiSO and MiLAN. Respect hard working crackers, don't steal from them.


                           " Cracking is a deviance "
