VSO ConvertXtoDVD 2.1.17  is a software to convert and burn your videos to DVD. With ConvertXtoDVD and in a few clicks you can backup your movies to DVD playable on any home DVD player.
ConvertXtoDVD 2.1 supports most popular format such Xvid, MOV, VOB, Mpeg, Mpeg4, MP4, AVI, WMV, DV and stream formats. It converts your files into a compliant DVD Video set of files and burns it on a DVD media.
The aspect ratio can be automatically selected or forced to a specific format. The program works for NTSC and PAL video formats and creates chapters automatically. Multiple audio tracks are supported. Version 2 uses a completely rewritten interface with subtitles support and a lot of new settings.
VSO ConvertXtoDVD is neither affiliated with, nor using technology from Divx Networks!
 
http://www.thefirstpick.com/html/multimedia/multimedia-video-convertx2dvd.htm

Key Features
Supported video formats: DivX, Xvid, MPEG4, MOV, AVI, WMV, WMV HD, DV, and more...
Supported sources: existing files from digital camcorders, TV/Sat, capture cards
Can merge up to 4 hours of material from several movies or episodes
Supported audio formats: AC3, DTS, PCM, OGG, MP3, and more...
Handles subtitles files (.SRT .SUB/IDX) with color and font selection, and supports tags (italic, bold)
Video format choice: NTSC, PAL, or automatic and PULL-DOWN
Picture output: Widescreen, Fullscreen, or automatic
Create Automatic chapters or edit your owns
Fast preview mode to check if the source is loaded correctly
Save the DVD structure on hard drive or burn it to a blank DVD
Reliable burn engine integrated (supports all DVD formats)
Fast and quality encoder (typically less than 1 hour for converting 1 movie)
Variable options and settings for advanced users
Control of the conversion speed vs quality
DVD Menu control (auto-start, loop etc)
DVD Menu edition (background, fond, color)
Customizable interface (themes, dockable windows)
Multilingual support (available languages...)
Optimized for Windows 2000 / XP / Vista