The first in the infamous Guinea Pig series,

A Video Tape and a letter are given to the Tokyo police in a small discreet envelope with no return address or postal mark. The accompanying letter tells of an experiment on human endurance and how much the human body and mind can endure before succumbing to death. The video claims to be a scientific experiment in the name of the furtherance of knowledge. The video is watched by the police on duty and quickly turned over to their superiors.

The letter and the videotape are untraceable and offer no physical evidence whatsoever. The Tokyo police are baffled.  All they know is that the video is called "The Devil's Experiment" and that it was dropped off at the police station in Tokyo. They know it was made by a group of 4 to 5 men with unspeakable motives. It is possible that either a corporate or medical foundation could have funded the experiment and someone had found out and sent the tape. Alternatively, it could have came from a private sector company testing a hypothesis and the people who made it sent the video out of pure maliciousness. It's highly improbable that a group of people made it for the "fun" perpetrating the act itself. A group or a company must have supported it. Any other explanation would be almost unthinkable. After several experts have viewed the tape they came to an awful realization. They don't know if the tape shows the beginning or the end of the "Devil's Experiment".

Either way the group of people was searching for the psychological and physical breaking point at which a human being can no longer endure life. They had found it and someone had died horribly as a result. This pure act of evil will forever be remembered and lives on in this DVD release. This film is a re-creation of the original video. Rumors of it being real are not far off since it is a reality that someone endured and died for. 


If you like this, then see the 2 of 7 Guineau Pig movies "Flowers of Flesh & Blood"
 
http://thepiratebay.org/tor/3799321/Flowers_of_Flesh__amp__Blood......FFF