Klipper in lite information om denna fantastiska dokumentärserie som finns i 6 delar:

The Human Animal.
    
Author/Presenter: Desmond Morris
The Human Animal which accompanies a major six-part series, shows that, however much we may think we have evolved from our animal ancestors, our instincts and behaviour are still rooted in our animal past. By denying this inheritance we are in danger of destroying everything we have strived so hard to create.
    
Despite the different skin colours, beliefs and rituals to be found in the 5000 million human beings alive today, we actually all share an almost identical genetic heritage. In this portrait of the human species, Desmond Morris takes us right to the centre of human existence and explores all aspects of human life and behaviour. From the way we rear our young to the common use of certain facial gestures, he covers a fascinating variety of subjects: how our hunting instincts have been channelled into an extraordinary range of sporting activities; how the modern art world can trace its roots back to an early primate picking up a stone resembling a face; how different courtship rituals across the world reflect the universal emotion of love.
    
Desmond Morris also looks at some of the damaging consequences that can be seen when we try to deny our animal heritage: how territorial fights erupt when the tribal systems within our overcrowded cities break down, and how human relationships disintegrate when natural social or sexual patterns change.
    
Both candid and entertaining, Desmond Morris exposes our foibles, celebrates our triumphs and gives us a new understanding of the way we behave. A world-renowned zoologist, he has already fundamentally changed the way we perceive ourselves. Now The Human Animal takes us one step closer to confronting our true identity.


The Language of the Body
The BBC\'s Natural History Unit focuses on the planet\'s most advanced animal, beginning with a look at how man communicated before the evolution of language. Some gestures and expressions are so ingrained that we have not been able to erase them from our vocabulary.


I serien får man alltså en biologs perspektiv på människan. Dvs se människan som det djur hon ju faktiskt är.
Serien har gått på svensk TV en gång förut och jag satt som förtrollad och tittade. Lägger upp en del på prov för att se om det tar fart och finns intresse.

Filen har två audiospår. Ett spanskt som är default tyvärr. Men också ett engelskt. Fås lätt fram i spelaren VLC genom att ändra audiospår.