Speed up your Computer 
Because your computer accesses the registry frequently, keeping it clean allows your computer to run faster and more efficiently. 

Avoid Computer Crashes 
Sloppy programmers exist in the most popular software companies. Their sloppiness puts your computer in danger of a crash. RegVac regularly cleans out their bugs. 

Get your Registry Sparkling Clean 
Besides the normal dirt that RegVac and other registry cleaners clean, there are thousands of dirt piles hiding which other registry cleaners don't even attempt to get. You will find them in RegVac's Stash Vac, OpenWith Editor, and AutoComplete Editor. If you want to do a complete job at cleaning your registry, RegVac is the tool to have. 

Repair Windows and Applications 
When something goes wrong in the registry, it can cause Windows and/or applications to mess up. Reports are coming in from all over the world about how RegVac has fixed stubborn software problems. 

Free Updates 
RegVac is updated often to give you the best and latest in computer technology. Yet you only pay once for RegVac. All future updates of RegVac are free to registered users. 

SIX CLEANERS


Cleaner #1 - Classes Cleaner 
Complex algorithms not found in any other registry cleaner ensure that your classes are properly structured and clean. 

Cleaner #2 - Stash Cleaner 
The registry is littered with history lists, recent lists, and tips. This tool removes hundreds of the most common stashes and allows you to add the location of stashes that you discover. Other registry cleaners do not clean the stashes. 

Cleaner #3 - Lists Cleaner 
Many lists in the registry require special handling. This cleaner uses extra processes to discover concealed problems in the following lists: Known Drivers, Static VxD, Open GL Drivers, Shared Drivers, Start Menu, Startup, Help, Fonts, AppPaths, Extensions, HTML Help, Installed Files, Add/Remove Cache, Installer, and MUICache.. 

Cleaner #4 - Software Cleaner 
The largest part of the registry is the Software section. This cleaner searches through the Software section and finds keys that may be left over from deleted and uninstalled programs. 

Cleaner #5 - Bad Link Cleaner 
This cleaner looks from one end of the registry to the other for references to files that do not exist on your computer. Remove all of the found entries or use the Show Key button to examine each one. 

Cleaner #6 - Junk Cleaner 
Spyware and Adware love to put entries in your registry. This tool checks to see of you have any of the common ones and removes them. 

THREE EDITORS


Editor #1 - Add/Remove Editor 
Checks your Add/Remove Programs list for programs that have already been deleted and allows you to uninstall programs, remove entries, and test entries. 

Editor #2 - OpenWith Editor 
Lists the extensions that are configured through the Open With... dialog box in Windows and allows you to remove them. 

Editor #3 - AutoComplete Editor 
Every time you type something in a web form, it is saved in a secret locked part of the registry. This editor opens that area up and allows you to remove the ones you want

SEVEN TOOLS


Tool #1 - System Configuration Utility 
MSConfig is a neat little Windows utility that gives you behind-the-scenes access to your system's configuration. This tool opens msconfig for you with the click of a button and removes disabled entries in it from the registry. 

Tool #2 - Software Cleanup 
Even when you properly uninstall software, fragments may be left behind. This unique tool uses three methods to find the remains and remove them. 

Tool #3 - Registry Pack 
Removes fragmentation and rebuilds the registry files. 

Tool #4 - PC Optimizer 
Goes through certain registry settings and optimizes them so that Windows runs in its optimal condition. 

Tool #5 - Monitor 
Tells when the registry changes. Specify where to have the monitor watch in the registry. 

Tool #6 - Registry Backup 
Makes full backups of the registry for your protection. 

Tool #7 - Registry Restore 
Restores registry backups. 

MORE BENEFITS


Written by an Expert 
The author of RegVac has been an expert in this field for almost ten years and writes registry cleaners for many other companies. He has compiled all of the registry cleaning secrets and repair tools that he knows of in RegVac. "I know of no other registry cleaner that does more than RegVac," Ray Geide boasts. 

Novice Zone 
Are you a novice? Are you afraid that you will do something that will mess up your computer? Then the Novice Zone is for you. The Novice Zone safely cleans the registry with one click of the button. 

Automation 
One click of the button cleans up to 37 sections. Automation can be set up to run on startup daily, weekly, bi-weekly, or monthly. 

Ignore List 
The easily manageable Ignore List dictates what will be skipped during the scans. 

Undo It 
If you want to undo something, Undo allows you to restore all registry settings removed by RegVac. These backups may also be restored outside of RegVac. 

Keep Windows Running Efficiently 
