
              Join Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny as these four animated
              tykes take on the supernatural, the extraordinary and the 
              insane. For them, it's all a part of growing up in South 
              Park.
              
              
                              Cartmans Silly Hate Crime
                           
              Cartman is sent to juvenile hell and it takes time
              for him to get used to the life on the inside. Stan,
              Kyle and Kenny miss Cartmans biggest asset, his
              weight in a contest with the girls. 
              
                             The Tooth Fairys Tats 2000
                                     
               Cartman impersonates the Tooth Fairy and the boys
               build a thriving business by aquring teeth from
               less fortunate children. All is well until they
               meet the competition 
              
                                  Quintuplets
                                  
              When the boys go the the Cirque de Cheville, they fall
              hard for the romanian contording quintuplets. But 
              helping the quints escape their country means a lot
              more trouble - named Janet Reno - than anyone in
              South Park bargained for. Meanwhile kenny goes to
              Romania to pursue his singing career. 
              
                                  Timmy! 2000
                           
              South Park Elementarys new student, Timmy, is excused
              from doing homework when hes misdiagnosed with ADD; so
              the boys immediatley try to get ADD too. Meanwhile Timmy
              becomes the lead singer of a heavy metal group 
              
                                      Pip
                                
              Find out more abouts Pips past in South Parks recreation
              if the classic novel Great Expectations by Charles 
              Dickens. A suprise alternate ending catapults the story
              into the 21st Century.