
Comparte
Idioma: Ingles
Formato: Exe

SET NOD32 Antivirus System - Integrated, Real-Time Protection against viruses, worms, trojans, spyware, adware, phishing, and hackers. Best detection, fastest performance & smallest footprint.
NOD32 Antivirus System provides well balanced, state-of-the-art protection against threats endangering your PC and enterprise systems running various platforms from Microsoft Windows 95 / 98 / ME / NT / 2000 / 2003 / XP, through a number of UNIX/Linux, Novell, MS DOS operating systems to Microsoft Exchange Server, Lotus Domino and other mail servers.
Users of Microsoft┬½ Windows┬½ can experience the power and elegance of NOD32's ThreatSense Technology with ease and comfort. Our single optimized engine offers the best protection from viruses, spyware, adware, phishing attacks, and more. Keep tomorrow's threats at bay with our proactive detection technology. And it has the smallest footprint and fastest performance - bar none.
The fourth generation of the NOD32 Antivirus System features a fully integrated software suite characterized by an unprecedented detection track record, the fastest scanning rates and extremely low utilization of system resources. NOD32's detection efficiency combined with 2-50 times faster hard disk scanning rate earned the product many international prestigious awards.


What's new in ESET NOD32 Antivirus beta 2:

ESET NOD32 Antivirus + Antispyware
This component is in fact an improved version of the award-winning scanning engine of NOD32 Antivirus v2.7. With respect to program's unprecedented scanning speed, the following improvements have been made:

* Improved system of cleaning and deleting infiltrations. The antivirus system now intelligently cleans and deletes infiltrations with no need for user interaction.
* Computer scan can be run in background in order to use only a part of system resources. Thus scanning will not affect the performance of your computer and you will be able to work on it as usual.
* Update optimization, smaller update package size than in version 2.7, more effective management and protection of update files against damage.
* Email protection for users of Microsoft Outlook and Outlook Express.



