KULT Heretic Kingdoms (c) Project Three Interactive 

10/2004 :..... RELEASE.DATE PROTECTION .......: N/A 
1 :.......... DISC(S) GAME.TYPE ........: Action Adventure 

Kult Heretic Kingdoms is an isometric computer RPG, combining 3D 
technologies with the intuitive environment of an isometric game. Developed 
by Slovakian studio 3D People, the game is built on cutting edge technology 
with a philosophy that balances ease of learning against depth of play. 

Featuring an engaging storyline written by a script team lead by critically 
acclaimed game writer and designer Chris Bateman (Discworld Noir, Ghost 
Master) , and uniquely immersive game mechanics designed by Chris’ infamous 
International Hobo team, the game is certain to appeal to fans of RPGs and 
fantasy adventures. 

Set in the world of the Heretic Kingdoms, a world where God is dead and 
religion heresy, you are cast as a young female inquisitor, working to stamp 
out the last remnants of religion. On instructions to destroy a relic 
which the Inquisition considers to be a significant threat, you are drawn 
into a war between two warring secret societies – a conspiracy of mages 
whose goal is true power, and a shadowy cult who seeks to resurrect the 
Dead God. 

As the story progresses, you will be placed in an amoral world and left 
to decide your own morality. Just like the real world, your actions have 
consequences, and it is up to you to decide if you can live with them or 
not. Play as an altruistic heroine, a vicious and selfish egotist or just 
a woman trying to get her job done – your actions will lead you to one of 
six different endings depending on where you decide your loyalties lie. 
Will you crush religion underfoot, or become its saviour? Only you can 
decide. 

Featuring a vast world to explore containing around fifty locations, 
scores of unique monsters and more than fifty quests, all of which affect 
the people or the balance of power in the kingdom of Corwenth and its 
neighbours, and a simple but rewarding combat system that keeps the action 
flowing thick and fast, Kult Heretic Kingdoms is an essential purchase for 
any fans of fantasy storytelling or computer RPGs. 

Screenshot: 
http://www.p3int.com/KULT/visuals_screenshots.asp 

Enjoy :)