A good documentary about the life and legacy of Robert Johnson, King of the Delta Blues. Features live performances of Johnson\\\'s music by various artists such as Keb\\\' Mo, Sonny Landreth, Roy Rogers, Peter Green, and many others.

Among the others is the late Chris Whitley. It is to his current and (i hope) future fans that i dedicate this torrent.

Like Johnson, Chris Whitley is no longer with us (he died in November 2005 of lung cancer at the age of 45), but leaves behind a rich musical legacy. Like Johnson, his immense talent and originality went largely unnoticed except for a small, but faithful fanbase and the appreciation of music critics and some musicians (Bruce Springsteen, Iggy Pop, Keith Richards, Daniel Lanois, Dave Matthews, and John Mayer are just a few of the recognizable names that are outspoken CW fans). Like Johnson, he died virtually penniless, despite recording over 12 albums and touring constantly, literally until the last couple of weeks. Like Johnson, Chris Whitley was a one-of-a-kind, a truly original artist whose music will continue to reverberate in the hearts and souls of those who were lucky enough to discover him. There will never be another.

I\\\'ve included a sampler CD of his music for those that are interested, with one or two songs from almost all of his albums (he never recorded the same album twice). I tried to select songs that show both the flavor of a particular album, as well as his evolution as a songwriter. I threw in a couple of pretty rare live cuts, as well as a few covers (Bob Dylan, Johnny Winters, Flaming Lips, and of course Robert Johnson).

To those that may be Robert Johnson or blues purists and find that Chris Whitley is not your cup of tea, I sincerely hope you enjoy the documentary. To the Chris Whitley fans ( both present and future), enjoy the movie and CD, buy his albums, or download them and maybe donate a few bucks to his website to help out his loved ones. Thanks, enjoy, and please seed. 
http://www.chriswhitley.com/index.php