Werewolf Of London (1935)

-=Rip Info=- 

Ripper: Sodapop

Tools Used: DVDDecripter + DVDRemake 

Movie: The movie has a quality 100%. Originally were two movies, Werewolf Of London + She-Wolf Of London (that I upload soon) and I have separated them in two 
independent movies to facilitate the download 

Menus: Intact       

Extras: Interactive menus, trailer, Direct access to scenes. 

Compression % No Compresion

Play Time: 72 min.

Video CODEC: 

Frame Rate: PAL

Aspect Ratio: FullFrame 1.33.1

Resolution: 720x576

Audio Streams:  Dolby Digital Mono: Spanish, English, Italian

Subs:  English, Spanish, Italian, Portuguése

IMdB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0027194/

Type/Genre...: Terror

Description: Predating the seminal classic, 'The Wolf Man', by six years; Werewolf of London represents Universal's first foray into the werewolf sub-genre 
and is an obvious blueprint for their later film. The film is, therefore, notable because it is one of, if not the very first werewolf film ever made; and as
 werewolf movies now have their own niche within the horror genre, much is owed to this movie. However, despite this; the film itself is somewhat less than 
brilliant. It's certainly not bad - but it constantly feels as if more could have been made of it, and because of that it gives off a very unfinished sort of
 feel. At just seventy minutes, the film is very short; which is both a blessing and a curse as, although the film doesn't go over the top with details; it 
also doesn't go very far with any of the elements of the plot. There isn't a great deal of horror in the movie either; and the only real creepy parts are 
those when the werewolf is on screen. However, as this movie was made in the thirties; the wolf itself has that 'shaven' look, which, like the rest of the 
film; comes off as unfinished.

The plot is very similar to The Wolf Man as it follows a scientist who is bitten by a werewolf while on an expedition somewhere. Of course, that bad fortune 
now means that our protagonist is a werewolf too, and although there's no cure for 'werewolfism', there is a prevention, which comes in the form of some 
weird plant that blooms by moonlight. The action basically follows our scientist as he becomes a werewolf by night and tries to solve his problem by day. The
 atmosphere in the movie isn't bad, but has nothing on the atmosphere of many earlier - and later - classics from the time period. Because of the horrid 
werewolf effects, it's hard to take the film seriously and when combined with the lack of sympathy for the lead character; the werewolf plot fails to 
generate any real tension or a foreboding feeling. Still, this film does have it's good points; the twist in the tale is very good, and the plot, although 
not really well done, does have it's moments. If you're a fan of Universal horror or classic horror in general, you'll probably find something to like 
here...just don't go in expecting brilliance, because you wont find it.