Date: Mon, 17 Dec 2007 11:56:58 -0500
Subject: The Unmentionable Candidate

Content-Type: text/plain; charset="UTF-8"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit

From: tmds-list-owner@mail-list.com


Dear Subscriber,

Name-recognition is a huge factor in election results. In other
words, if John Q. Public walks into a voting both, sees the names
of two people he knows nothing about, but RECOGNIZES one of them,
that's who will win. And any moron should be able to see that that
is precisely why the mainstream media is paying so little attention
to Ron Paul: they don't WANT people hearing about him.

"Freedom of the mind requires not only, or not even especially, the
absence of legal constraints but the presence of alternative
thoughts. The most successful tyranny is not the one that uses
force to assure uniformity, but the one that removes awareness of
other possibilities." (Alan Bloom)

If all the people ever hear about are the two faces (Democrat and
Republican) of the one ruling class of devout socialist/fascists,
they won't even know that there IS something dramatically different
they could be supporting. (As a depressing example, during the
Third Reich, many of those who opposed German fascism were
communists, because that's the only alternative they knew about.)

Yesterday, Ron Paul made campaigning history by raising six million
dollars in one day. The media will probably mention it, but will
couch it in the constant message of "but he still can't possibly
win." Mr. Paul's campaign is the best current example I can think
of of tyrant propaganda tactics. It's truly amazing to watch.

While the self-annointed, aspiring tyrants of both parties are
supported by their rich buddies, Ron Paul is supported by lots and
lots of mere "peasants." So why does the media try so hard to
ignore him, and when they do mention him, why do the constantly
denigrate and insult him? For all hoopla the talking heads and
"reporters" give about "democracy," they don't mean it. When a lot
of the people really DO want something, as is obviously the case
with Ron Paul, the elitist media show their true disdain for the
general public. Who are you stupid peasants to like someone that
the media hasn't TOLD you to support?!

No matter how much money Ron Paul raises, or how many supporters he
has, the statist propagandists will treat it like a fluke--an
insignificant anomaly which really doesn't matter at all. Both
Democrat and Republican talking heads are doing it constantly. And
if you watch closely, every once in a while you can catch a glimpse
of the terror in their eyes, when they contemplate the possibility
that someone who actually believes in the Constitution might win.

Sincerely,



Larken Rose 
http://www.larkenrose.com

(P.S. For those who keep asking, I give anyone permission to
reproduce anything I write to this list where ever they want,
including as a letter to the editor.)
