Tears of the Sun (2003)   

Cast overview, first billed only:


Bruce Willis	.... 	Lieutenant A.K. Waters
Monica Bellucci	.... 	Dr. Lena Fiore Kendricks
Cole Hauser	.... 	James 'Red' Atkins
Eamonn Walker	.... 	Ellis 'Zee' Pettigrew
Johnny Messner	.... 	Kelly Lake
Nick Chinlund	.... 	Michael 'Slo' Slowenski
Charles Ingram	.... 	Demetrius 'Silk' Owens
Paul Francis	.... 	Danny 'Doc' Kelley
Chad Smith	.... 	Jason 'Flea' Mabry
Tom Skerritt	.... 	Captain Bill Rhodes
Malick Bowens	.... 	Colonel Idris Sadick
Awaovieyi Agie	.... 	Musa
Akosua Busia	.... 	Patience
Hadar Busia-Singleton	.... 	Amaka
Ida Onyango	.... 	Lasana
(more)

 
 

Runtime: 137 min 
  
Country: USA

Genre:  Action / Drama 

Region:PAL
   
Language: 
Dolby Digital 5.1: English, French, Spanish.
Surround: Polish.

Subtitles: English, Spanish, French, Dutch, Greek, Polish, Rumanian.

Sinopsis: Bruce Willis stars as Lt. A.K. Waters, the loyal veteran officer of a Navy S.E.A.L unit. When he's sent into the heart of Africa, the usually hard-bitten Waters finds himself deeply conflicted at having to choose between following orders and the dictates of his own conscience. Though a fictionalization, Tears of the Sun deals with the gritty realism of human conflict as Lt. Waters travels to war-torn central Africa to rescue Dr. Lena Kendricks (Monica Bellucci), a U.S. citizen who runs a mission in the countryside. But when Lt. Waters arrives Dr. Kendricks refuses to abandon the refugees under her care. She implores Waters to escort them on a dangerous trek through the dense jungle to the nearby border. During the journey the S.E.A.L.s find themselves the unwitting guardians of a man sought by the rebel militia. This further endangers their already hazardous mission, but all the while strengthening Waters' resolve to protect Lena and the refugees, and to deliver them safely across the border.

STUDIO/PRODUCER:  	Columbia Pictures

OFFICIAL WEB: 	http://www.sonypictures.com/movies/tearsofthesun/

DVD9=>DVD9 RipIt4Me