The first cd release of Batman Beyond's music. I knew there were supposed to be more,but i'm not sure it ever happened. Anyway,it's a electro/metal/score take on the general film music,some parts easily comparable to static-x or some such,and the occasional neo-classical piece. I found it in a pawnshop for one US dollar. Amazon sellers have it for 29.99. Fuck That^^

320 kbps,vbr mp3's. maybe I should upload a FLAC rip?

Here are the liner notes:

Batman Beyond was conceived as a way of updating and reinventing Bob Kane's classic comic book avenger for the postmodern 90's. Once we settled on our concept of a teenage Dark Knight battling crime in a futurist Gotham City,we realized early on that the music would have to reflect this edgier,more youth-oriented approach as well.

Shirley Walker and her team of composers had been producing lush,neoclassical orchestral scores for our previous Batman and Superman series since 1992,providing the perfect musical accompaniment to our retro/noir cartoon stylings. But for this new show,we wanted something completely different:a combination of electronics and state-of-the-art rock elements that would sound more authentic then anything currently heard on broadcast TV,while still staying true to the "mysterioso" mythos of the original character. At a meeting with Shirley,I voiced my reservations about her suitability for the project.

Shirley,saint that she is,graciously said that she understood my concerns but wanted the opportunity to prove me wrong. Two weeks later she played me a disc of demo tracks that she had put together with her composing team of Kris Carter,Lolita Ritmanis,and Mike McCuistion. A moody blend of atmospheric electronic textures,atomic pile-driver percussion,and downright nasty guitar crunches. it was exactly what we were looking for.  I sheepishly admitted to her that not only had they hit a home run,but they'd also smashed it clear out of the bloody park.
Never has crow tasted so sweet!

The demos were so perfectly in tune with our vision that I had Shirley run off a bunch of copies for our storyboard artists to listen to for inspiration. Two of those original tracks eventually wound up being used in the actual series:Lolita's rave-up "Glasgow" was reworked into the pulse pounding "Joker Chase" theme in episode one (track #18 on this cd) and Kris neo-Goth grunge "Smells Like Creamed Spinach" became,with some minor futzing,the official Batman Beyond Main Title Theme itself.

I'm constantly amazed that these clean-cut,well mannered,all around nice people can consistently deliver such vicious music. And they're getting meaner. Perfectionists all,they keep trying to top themselves,pushing the sonic envelope to it's breaking point. As good as these selections from their early scores are,their most recent efforts are even more relentless,even more intense. Hopefully,this album will sell well enouhg to encourage the good folks at Rhino to issue further volumes in the series. 
So,make room on your cd rack and remember to PLAY IT LOUD!
-Bruce Timm
Producer,Batman Beyond