With the proliferation of Windows Media in use today, Flip4Mac WMV Studio Pro HD is the ultimate toolset for the video professional â?? providing maximum flexibility and superior quality. 

Expand your viewing audience by adding true Windows Media import and export capabilities to your editing workflow, and enjoy the ultimate encoding capabilities: 2-pass, high definition and pro audio features. Flip4Mac WMV Studio Pro HD provides true Windows Media support from within Final Cut Pro and Compressor 2.

Flip4Mac WMV Studio Pro HD:

Includes import, export and play Windows Media file in QuickTime applications. â?¨â?¨WMV Player Features: Playback Windows Media Video 7,8,9 SD and HD, and Windows Media Video 9 Advanced in QuickTime Player directly â?¨â?¨WMV Player Pro Features: Import Windows Media Video 7,8,9 and Windows Media Video 9 Advanced Convert to other QuickTime formats Edit Windows Media files â?¨â?¨Standard Export Component Features: Windows Media Video 9 single-pass video encoding constant (CBR) and variable (VBR) bit rates Windows Media Audio 9 Standard up to 48 kHz audio sampling rates 



Mac WMV Export Component lets you export Windows Media files directly from within more...QuickTime-based application running on the Mac OS X platform. It supports QuickTime Player, iMovie, Final Cut Pro HD, and more. By encoding right on your Mac, you save time and the hassle of working with different systems and software packages. â?¨â?¨Simply select Windows Media from the list of available formats in the Export function of your QuickTime-based application. You can either set the format parameters or set the specific format parameters you desire.



WHAT'S NEW Version 2.1.0.33

Added universal binary support for Intel Macs â?¨Added playback optimizations for Intel Macs â?¨Added significant export optimizations for PowerPC Macs â?¨Added multi language audio support in player â?¨Added overlay when importing WMV content in trial mode â?¨Added support for web authors to disable "save as" feature in web browser â?¨Improved support for MMS servers and live streams 
Fixed DCT Blocking issue (progressive deterioration with increasing distance from previous keyframe) â?¨* Fixed encode errors when the audio bit rate is set higher than the video bit rate. 

Supported Applications...

Final Cut Pro 4.5 or higher 
Final Cut Express HD 
iMovie 3.0.3 and higher (iMovie 3.0.3 requires OS 10.3.9 and QT 6.5.2)
Discreet Cleaner 6.0.1 
Sorenson Squeeze 4.1 and higher 
Compressor 2
Safari

Note: Read the enclosed Text file before attempting install...



For further Info.    hXXp://www.flip4mac.com/flip4mac_home.htm

System Requirements:

Intel or PowerPC Mac OS X v10.3.9, 10.4 and higher
QuickTime v6.5, 7.0 and higher
QuickTime Pro v6.5, 7.0 and higher (QuickTime Export)