The Fruit is Ripe 3 (1999 HK Cert. III) VCD Dual Mono Cantonese/Mandarin with Embedded Chinese/English Subtitties. 

Info - http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0290000/?fr=c2...fc=3;ft=20;fm=1



Film Director(s): Chin Man Kei
Released: 1999 [Hong Kong]
Genre: Erotica
Sub-Genre: Fantasy
Cast: Jane Fong Ching (Jay Fong), Jimmy Wong Shu Kei
Running Time: 91 mins.

Overview: The Fruit is Ripe is reportedly the third installment in an unrelated trilogy which began with 1993's Crazy Love starring Loletta Lee, and 1997's The Fruit is Swelling which included Shu Qi in a brief role. The only tie these films seem to share is the abundance of flesh revealed and the same director helmed this and the latter production. Soft core auteur Cash Chin (Naked Poison) revels in the mindless story line and packages more human bark than most category III films. The plot of this film stops propelling forward every five minutes or so to shed some clothing and lather up for the camera. By no means a bad thing. Off the bat we're introduced to the film's nubile heroine Peach; shouting her less than vital stats to the audience, surrounded by naked man ass in a locker room shower (bad sense of direction is her excuse). The charming Peach is a cupid-like angel cast out of the clouds to receive more training in the ways of love. Sounds like a warped version of It's a Wonderful Life, Peach thankfully filling the Clarence role.

Her task on earth is to convince the reserved Urchin (Jimmy Wong Shu-Kei) to confess his love for the apple of his eye since childhood, Shirley Cheung. After gobs of nudity including a girl/girl bubble bath, Urchin and peach fall for each other.AWWWWWW! But this can't be; Peach is not of this earth and Urchin is as mortal as we come. But that's not what the script says. Taiwanese beauty Fong Ching plays Peach and for the better running time of the production lacks designer threads. Her performance is anything but restrained and is funny to watch ( though whoever did her v/o should lay off the helium). As with most quickie productions TFIR's contrivances are transparent, but who cares. Not me. All involved "pull off a stunt" in taking a lame idea and modeling, at least, a decent scantily clad time waster. I would love to see more from Cash Chin.

asiantottents