BULLSHIT 

Genre............: Documentary
Year.............: 2005
Country..........: Sweden
Audio............: 2.0 Swedish, English
Subtitles........: Swedish, English
Video Format.....: 4:3
DVD Source.......: DVD9 compressed to DVD5
DVD Format.......: PAL
Extras...........: 100 min


A documentary film by PeÅ Holmquist and Suzanne Khardalian, 2005. 73 min. 

Her opponents call her "The Green Killer". They gave her "The Bullshit Award" 
for sustaining poverty. TIME says she is a hero of our times, an icon for 
youngsters all over the world. 

The film is about Vandana Shiva, Indian environmental activist and nuclear 
physicist, who was awarded the Right Livelihood Award in 1993. It's a film on 
globalisation and patenting, on genetic engineering, bio-piracy, indigenous 
knowledge. 

In this documentary, the filmmakers follow Vandana Shiva over a two-year period, 
from her organic farm at the foot of the Himalayas to institutions of power all 
over the world. Here Vandana Shiva does battle with one of her toughest 
opponents, Monsanto, a huge American biotech company, when they try to patent an 
ancient Indian strain of wheat. Together with Dalits she tries to close down a 
Coca-Cola plant in Kerala, in a conflict involving groundwater pollution. In 
this film Vandana Shiva also tackles the question of farmer's suicide, a 
backlash of the globalisation. 

The filmmakers describe Monsanto from the inside and arrange what proves a 
shaking meeting between Vandana Shiva and Barun Mitra, liberal think-tank, 
lobbyist and fierce critic of Vandana Shiva û and the man who gave her the "Bullshit Prize". 


PeÅ Holmquist and Suzanne Khardalian are Swedish independent filmmakers who have 
directed more than 50 documentaries, among them several award-winning films, 
like Gaza Ghetto, Back to Ararat, Unsafe Ground, Her Armenian Prince, From Opium 
to Chrysanthemums, My Dad the Inspector and I Hate Dogs û the last survivor. 

On the film: 

BULLSHIT shows us another side of the Third World... Like a small hot, colourful 
steam engine, she puffs along, the Indian environment activist Vandana Shiva... 
People, in what we in the West call the Third World, are all too often shown as 
victims û an image that Vandana Shiva does away with entirely.
Svenska Dagbladet, major Swedish daily paper

If you need cheering up, you should link Darwin's Nightmare to PeÅ Holmquist 
and Suzanne Khardalian's "Bullshit", which describes Indian Vandana Shiva's 
struggle û filling all with enthusiasm  against as yet unproven-to-be-safe gene 
manipulation and against major companies' continual attempts to patent all 
manner of crops in order to take over the world market, something that would 
result in disaster.
Dagens Nyheter, major Swedish daily paper

BULLSHIT is a fantastic and inspiring film. Vandana Shiva deserves the Nobel 
Prize, but people like her, and Noam Chomsky who I made a film about a few years 
ago, are always overlooked.
Peter Wintonick, Canadian filmmaker

More related stuff: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/BhangWalla



