

A staggering 65% of problems which a PC encounters, whether in business or at home, are not caused by hardware problems, they are not caused by viruses, they are not caused by spam; they are caused by background tasks belonging largely to legitimate and well-known software you use every day !

From PC lock-ups to illegal operations, Internet Explorer crashes, slow-downs, and other frustrations, many problems purely and simply come down to what is running in the background on your PC and currently demanding attention by the computer. The trick to having a PC that runs smoothly is to know which background tasks are essential, which are not, and which only need to run sometimes. By managing these processes more intelligently your system can free up more memory, run more reliably and avoid crashes and lock ups.

Key benefits:

Written by Network Consultancy and Computer Support professionals who solve PC performance, and software and hardware problems every day of their life. This is the tool we use every single day to simplify our PC troubleshooting while at the same time making it accurate. This is top class expertise in a re-markably easy to use tool !

Includes our famous Task List (+ hundreds and hundreds of additional en-tries) which is featured in the industry leading "Windows XP Management, Troubleshooting & Maintenance" course (CNET) and Hewlett-Packard's "Tune up your PC" online course and referenced by a majority of mainstream news-paper IT columnists worldwide.

We have the most comprehensive, most knowledgeable, most thoroughly tested, and most detailed list of processes and background tasks on the Inter-net. The Ultimate Troubleshooter is the most complete and most effective PC Tuning program ever written.

By displaying detailed information on every Task, Service, and Windows Startup that is running on your PC, The Ultimate Troubleshooter enables you to con-figure your PC for speed, and above all, long term stability. Remember : 65% of all computer problems are down to the software that is running on your PC. Amazing but true. As many users say after using The Ultimate Troubleshooter : "I finally have my PC back to the speed it had when I first bought it, and better !".

Most importantly, The Ultimate Troubleshooter avoids speaking to you in technical jargon in favour of explaining things in plain language understand-able by all levels of users.

The Ultimate Troubleshooter also detects spyware and adware, the scourge of so many PCs nowadays. TUT also detects many viruses (you should how-ever also have a good antivirus program in addition to TUT ? all PCs should have one).

The Ultimate Troubleshooter includes an industry leading Housekeeping mod-ule which takes you through the rigorous checklist steps that knowledgeable IT experts normally follow to keep a PC lean, mean, and healthy.

Brilliantly useful to all home and business users. And unbelievably useful to IT and Network support specialists and professionals as The Ultimate Trouble-shooter caters for both the every day user and the Pro who will love its WHOIS, TraceRoute, Ping, and Name Server Lookup features.

As a reviewer famously said : "It's like having a $100/hour computer consult-ant right there with you, every minute of the day, every day of the week, for a one-off fee of just $35". (1-year of product updates and write-ups updates in-cluded with the purchase; annual subscription renewals thereafter).