Proudly Presents..  X-Plane 8 (c) Atari Games 

          Release Date : 12-21-04              Protection : - 

          File Count  : 92x50mb              Game Genre : Flight Simulation 


        X-Plane is the most comprehensive and powerful flight simulator 

      available for the personal computer. X-Plane simulates anything 

      that flies: single-engine fixed wing props to multi-engine jets; 

      gliders to dirigibles; helicopters to spacecraft to VTOLs such as 

      the V-22 Osprey and AV8-B Harrier. 

      

      X-Plane has the most realistic flight model available for personal 

      computers. It comes with subsonic and supersonic flight dynamics, 

      simulating aircraft from the Bell 206 Jet-Ranger helicopter and 

      Cessna 172 light plane to the supersonic SR-71. 



      X-Plane comes with 29 aircraft spanning the aviation industry 

      (and history), and several hundred more are freely downloadable 

      from the internet. 




      X-Plane scenery spans the globe.You can land at any of thousands 

      of airports, as well as test your mettle on aircraft carriers, 

      helipads on building tops, frigates that pitch and roll in the 

      waves, and oil rigs. Weather is variable from clear skies and high 

      visibility to thunderstorms with controllable wind, wind shear, 

      turbulence, and microbursts. Rain, snow and clouds are available 

      for an instrument flying challenge, and thermals are available 

      for the gliders! X-Plane can download real weather data from the 

      internet, allowing you to fly in actual current conditions! 



      X-Plane also has detailed failure-modeling, with 35 systems that 

      can be failed manually, or randomly when you least expect it! 

      You can fail instruments, engines, flight controls, and landing 

      gear at any moment. 



      X-Plane includes Plane-Maker which allows you to create your own 

      airplanes, and World-Maker which lets you create your own scenery. 

      Also included is Weather Briefer which produces a weather briefing 

      based on actual weather conditions downloaded from the net. 



      X-Plane is extremely customizable, allowing you to easily create 

      textures, sounds, and instrument panels for your own airplanes 

      that you design. 
