 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bart_Allen#The_Flash:_The_Fastest_Man_Alive_.282006-2007.29

The Flash: The Fastest Man Alive (2006-2007)

In Teen Titans Vol. 3, #34, Robin refers to Bart as "kind of retired". He suffers from partial amnesia about the time he spent on the alternate Earth during the Crisis. Bart and his roommate, Griffin Grey, assemble cars on a scab basis for a newly automated, high-tech plant in Keystone City.[9] Bart has nightmares about the Speed Force, such as when he and Jay Garrick are separated during Infinite Crisis, and glimpses of Barry's death in Crisis on Infinite Earths. Lying to everyone that the Speed Force is gone, Bart is still able to tap into it, though the effects are far more difficult to control and potentially lethal. Despite the risk, Bart attempts, unsuccessfully, to use his powers to save Griffin when a bomb is set off at the plant, and is seen doing so by Jay.[9]

Bart tells the Garricks about the existence of the Speed Force and his desire to divest himself of his powers, even asking S.T.A.R. Labs to remove his link with the Speed Force. S.T.A.R. recreates the material used to make Barry's Flash uniform but in the modern design worn by Wally. Bart is initially unwilling to wear this, but eventually uses the uniform. When S.T.A.R.'s Keystone location is blown up, Bart dons the uniform to rescue Valerie Perez.[10] Because of Bart's feelings for the young scientist, he allows Valerie to examine him. She continues to work alongside him due to her gratitude over him rescuing him from a riot at her high school. Their relationship continues after Valerie is fired from S.T.A.R. Labs, and she is discovered to be the daughter of Manfred Mota.[11] In the end, Bart and Valerie's relationship proves short lived, as Valerie struggles to come to terms with Bart's life as a superhero. [12]

Meanwhile, Griffin, who gains superspeed after the bomb at the plant explodes, becomes more unbalanced and ages unnaturally.[11] Griffin nearly kills Bart and then kidnaps Jay Garrick, but Bart rescues him. Griffin destroys Keystone's bridge in order to stage a rescue himself, but Bart, making a public return as the Flash, foils Griffin's plans. Hit by an energy blast during the fight, Bart finally remembers his time on the alternate Earth during the Crisis and why the Speed Force is inside him, but he is unable to save his friend, who dies learning that the "new" Flash and Bart are the very same person.[7]

However, when Inertia resurfaces, kidnapping Valerie on behalf of Mota and leaving behind a fake Dear John Letter, the increasing pressure leads Bart to leave Keystone City for Los Angeles. Inertia later lets Valerie escape in order to take her hostage in Las Vegas, where Valerie is chained near a photon cannon set to target the Speed Force. Reunited with Valerie, Bart exerts more control over the Speed Force, outracing the photon ray and freeing his girlfriend. They reunite, and Bart shares his future plans with Jay: with Valerie's blessing he will stay in Los Angeles and follow in Barry's footsteps by studying forensics at the local police academy.[13]

Soon after donning the Flash identity, Bart is considered for Justice League membership and gets particular support from Batman, who feels he is more than ready for the position.

Robin contacts Bart and asks him to return to the Teen Titans. However, after fighting Steppenwolf with the newly reformed Justice League, Bart tries to join the League rather than rejoin the Titans.

When Bart confronts Captain Cold at his apartment, Zoom appears and attacks Bart. Zoom apparently was enlisted by Bart's grandmother, Iris. It's later revealed that Iris only came to the past to warn her grandson about the Rogues (consisting of Abra Kadabra, Mirror Master, Heat Wave, the Pied Piper,the Trickster, Weather Wizard, and Captain Cold), led by Inertia, teaming up. Together they are trying to build a machine that will stop time. As their plan begins to come to fruition, Bart is arrested for the fight with Steppenwolf, a New God.