Frankly, this is all hype to me (there are better fighting instructionals out there). However, for the curious, it's sometimes hard to find Matt Furey stuff, so here's one.

Thanks to Fudo81.

Language: eng
Format: DivX
From  http://www.mattfurey.com/hook_heavyweight.html 

" Bottom Line: If It's Taking You Several Minutes on the Ground, Using the Guard, to Snuff a heavyweight - You're Doing Something Wrong 
I'm telling you, these guys were so big and strong that once they got their weight on you, they either crushed you or smothered you - or both. One could bench-press 500 pounds and the other could lock out 400. Yet Jason kicked their asses so fast it was amazing. And here's the reality: If you're taking a long time to whoop a heavyweight, you're doing something wrong. 
Just Watch The Video - Never Fear A Heavyweight Again 
I've seen the same type of big tough guys get whooped again and again by students of the catch wrestling system I teach. Just by watching the techniques on my all new How to Hook A Heavyweight Without Flopping to the Guard video, many students from all over the world have kicked butt and taken names. Even if the fight goes to the ground, within seconds of it happening, the match ended. 

None of that long-drawn out stuff. You can get it over NOW ... within seconds. 
Size and strength don't matter 
Size and strength don't matter when you have techniques that the big, strong guys don't know and can't defend. And the amazing thing is that you can truly take these big guys down if you want to. It's not hard at all so long as you don't use the dumb takedowns and throws that everyone else teaches. Those take too much energy. They require too much strength and worst of all, they allow a big guy to get his weight on you. 
More Options Than Jiu-Jitsu 
Question: What if you do get taken down? If so, no problem. You can literally move right into position for a submission as you're going to the ground. Just a few simple adjustments with your body and BANG - the dude is tapping like a typewriter. 

On myHow To Hook A Heavyweight Without Flopping to the Guard video you'll learn exactly what I'm talking about. For example, you will learn: 
How a simple flick of the wrist can redirect the big heavyweight and make him fall down in front of you where you tap him out in seconds. 

How to slide right under him when he pushes into you. Again, he's going to go SPLAT, falling face first in front of you. 

The old-time professional catch wrestler's secret "go behind." On this one, you literally spin the heavyweight around and get his back, and you do it so fast he'll never figure it out. 

Another sneaky way to tap his knee with three fingers and fell him like a big redwood tree. And as he's falling you've already slapped on the bone-crushing submission. 

Another throw that will make it easy for you to give him 747 lessons in flying. Even if outweighed by over 100 pounds, you can make his feet hit the rafters on this amazing throw. And as he lands, he's in even more trouble. 

Submissions that come from left field, right field and centerfield. It doesn't really matter. He won't see or feel any of them coming and he'll be toast in no time flat. 

All this and much, much more. 
Altogether you're going to learn 12 different devastating takedowns and throws that make quick work out of heavyweights. And along with the 12 takedowns and throws you'll learn another 12 ways to torque his body limb from limb, applying ruthless and brutal submissions that make him cry uncle loud enough to wake all the neighbors. 

You're going to see so many opportunities to secure an advantage over a heavyweight that you'll be in awe. 

After you see this tape, your grappling game is going to soar to a whole new level. "