Zathura.TC.XviD-ProUdlY

Format: Avi
Aspect Ratio (AR): 2:35:1 
Discs: 1
Video Codec: XviD MPEG 4 Codec
Language: English
Eesolution:640x272
Audio codec: AC3 (192 kb/s) Stereo
ripper: Zathura.TC.XviD-HUSTLE but re encoded for a litle better qaulity and sound and has beed giving a new realse name.

Colombia Pitcures Present Zathura a space andventure 

After their father leaves for work, leaving them in the care of their older sister, six-year-old Danny and ten-year old Walter discover an old tattered metal board game, "Zathura." After trying unsuccessfully to get his brother to play the game with him, Danny starts to play on his own. From his first move, Danny realizes this is no ordinary board game. His spaceship marker moves by itself and when it lands on a space, a card is ejected, which reads: "Meteor shower, take evasive action." The house is immediately pummeled from above by hot, molten meteors. When Danny and Walter look up through the gaping hole in their roof, they discover, to their horror that they have propelled into deepest, darkest outer space. And they are not alone. Danny and Walter realize that unless they finish the game they'll be trapped in outer space forever. With every turn, they confront one incredible obstacle after another: They accidentally put their sister Lisa into a deep cryonic sleep, are chased by a crazed, malfunctioning six-foot robot, rescue a stranded astronaut and are besieged by lizard-like, carnivorous creatures called Zorgons. With the help of the astronaut, Danny and Walter begin to put their petty fraternal differences aside, work together to overcome the obstacles they encounter and attempt to finish the game so they can go home. But all their efforts may be in vain when they face their biggest challenge of all--a battle against an intense gravitational pull into the void of the dark planet Zathura. 

Also Known As: Jumanji 2
Jumanji Sequel
Zathura: A Space Adventure 

Genres: Kids/Family, Science Fiction/Fantasy, Adaptation and Sequel 

Running Time: 1 hr. 53 min. 

Release Date: November 11th, 2005 (wide) 

MPAA Rating: PG for fantasy action and peril, and some language. 

Distributors: Sony Pictures Releasing 

Production Co.: Golden Mean Productions, Radar Pictures 

Studios: Columbia Pictures 

U.S. Box Office: $20,316,508 

Filming Locations: Los Angeles, California, USA
Culver City, California, USA 

Produced in: United States 

Cast:
Jonah Bobo - Danny
Josh Hutcherson - Walter
Dax Shepard - Astronaut
Kristen Stewart - Lisa
Tim Robbins - Dad
Frank Oz - Voice of Robot
John Alexander - Robot
Derek Mears - Lead Zorgon
Douglas Tait - Zorgon
Joe Bucaro - Zorgon
Jeff Wolfe - Zorgon
