Ariel Atom and Radical Racer - Radical SR3 vs Aerial Atom

Its only my second Release or Seed, i don't know the lingo or jargon. 
This Release/Seed, is about two very fast cars. 
Unpractical, enviromentally unsound and unaffordable, but fun - you can allways dream! 
There are two ( rather Lo-Res ) video files and 65 ( fairly Hi-Res ) pictures. 
If anyone have these two video files in Higher Resolution: PLEEEEASE  SEED. 
Hope U enjoy, C U L8er. 

Detta är min andra Release eller  Seed, kan inte lingot eller jargongen. 
Denna release/seed är om två väldigt snabba Bilar! 
Opraktiska, icke milövänliga och dyra bilar,  men skoj - man kan alltid drömma. 
Två ( ganska Lo-Res ) video filer och 65 ( hyfsat Hi-Res ) bilder. 
Om någon har dessa två ( ganska Lo-Res ) video filer i Högre upplösning: Vänligen seeda. 
Hoppas att ni gillar! 

PSIR



------------------------------------------
Ariel Atom    
Jeremy Clarkson reviews the Ariel Atom, and races it against a Honda CBR 600RR around the test track. Also includes track test by the Stig.

Ariel Atom
http://www.arielmotor.co.uk/

' I Have never driven anything that accellerates so ' 
BBC Top Gear (Atom 2 220 & 300 Supercharged)

'I think this is one of the most beautiful cars in the world partly because it's so elegant and partly because it's such a wonderful piece of engineering.'
'The Atom is fast on an entirely new level. I have never, ever driven anything that accelerates so fast.'
'If anything this car is even more impressive in the bends than it is in a straight line. Anyone who wants to know how a car should behave should drive one of these. This is driving nirvana.'
'Over the years I've flown F15 fighters, done power slides in airboats, straffed the desert from helicopter gunships, but for sheer ecitement this thing is off the scale.'

Autocar (Atom 300bhp Supercharged)
How to describe this car's acceleration? Well you're effectively entering a Spirit World. It's more than a parallel universe you didn't know existed: it's an entirely human-created land, an almost religious place which at first shocks you into muted fear, but after a time draws you in and traps you. The fastest of all Atoms, a track tool that will give everything - and I mean everything - something to think about, and one that looks properly 21st century and handles like a mid - engined single seater.

Sunday Times (Atom 2)
It’s as cool as a Phillipe Starck Juicer, as tempting as any of the brushed aluminium toys you find in an airport gadget shop. But unlike underwater currency converters, I doubt you’d ever get bored with what it can do. In terms of sheer thrills the Atom is easily a match for the Porsche Carrera GT which makes its price look almost ludicrously low. That’s yet another reason why I have no hesition in giving the Atom five stars. This car is motoring nirvana.

Jeremy Clarkson

-----------------

Radical SR3 vs. Aerial Atom
Vicki from 5th Gear tests out the Radical SR3 against the Aerial Atom road-racing car
File Size: 26.2 MB

Radical
http://www.radicalextremesportscars.com

 Radical History

Formed in 1996 by Mick Hyde and Phil Abbott, Radical Sportscars have progressively developed from its original concept of a low cost, one-make sports racing car, to a world player in the burgeoning extreme sportscar market.

The original idea of putting a superbike engine in a sportscar was Phil's. It was also Phil who had the technical savvy to get the first prototype from an idea to the finished item.

Mick, whilst also a qualified engineer, brought twenty years of marketing expertise to the table along with some firm ideas on what a car should look like and where it should race.

By mid-spring of '96 Mick and Phil had one prototype up and running. Following a few short runs at Bruntingthorpe, the Leicestershire proving ground, Mick was on the starting grid at Brands hatch in a 750 Motor Club Sports 2000 race. Driving from sixth, to third, to the gravel trap and back to eleventh Mick's first Radical race was, shall we say, eventful.

By summer two Clubsports (as the car was to be known) were built and Phil won the car's first race at Pembrey.

January 1997 saw the official formation of Radical Motorsport Ltd. The first race of the season saw ten Radicals on the grid in a Radical class within the 750 Motor Club Sports 2000 series. Mick finished first from pole and Phil came a close second after a long battle with several front runners.

The success of the Radical class provided a stepping stone to Radicals first one-make Championship in 1999. Run under the auspices of the BRSCC, twenty seven cars started the first race at Donington and the championship has never looked back since.

During the year Radical developed its second car, the Prosport, with a Suzuki engine, Formula 3 tyres and a new aerodynamic package. The car was hugely successful, winning a number of events and claiming several lap records.

In 2000 the two-driver Radical Enduro Championship was launched for Prosport cars. This unique one-make endurance series ran alongside the highly successful Radical Biduro sprint series.

The Prosport was also an export hit with a 1,000cc version being exported to the US where the Prosport is still the most prolific SCCA D-Sport winner - ever. Export markets throughout the world started to show interest in the Radical brand.

The next important Radical landmark was the launch of the all-new, two-seater SR3 in early 2002. The SR3 raced alongside the Prosport in the Radical Enduro Championship and also became the car to have in the burgeoning Trackday scene. During 2003, the SR3 was sold to eighteen countries around the world and new race series were planned for countries including Australia, South America, South Africa, Malaysia, Bahrain as well as Europe.

2003 also saw the launch of a turbo version of the SR3 which smashed the lap record around the Nürburgring Nordschleife on its maiden outing.

With sales still on the up, Radical launched the all new SR4 in January 2004 to race as a separate class in the Radical Biduro Championship and received universal praise in the Trackday scene. The dramatic styling, amazing performance and competitive pricing of the SR4 should ensure the car is as big a success as the original Clubsport, the SR4 replaces.

And what of the future? Watch this space for a Radical built V8 for the SR3.