VA ? A Mind-Expanding Trip Through Danish Rock 1966-76 (3CDs ? HQ Vbr)

The full title of this 3-cd box-set is ?Derfra Hvor Vi Stod -  Sange Med Merværdi: En Bevidshedsudvidende rejse I dansk rock fra 1966 to 1976?. Translated into english that would be something like ?From Where We Stood ? Songs With Vat (or added value, its one of those clever puns that cant be easily translated): A Mind-expanding Journey Through Danish Rock From 1966 to 1976?. The bands featured on this compilation are some of the best from this period, if you are familiar with the genre you will probably recognize some of them when reading the tracklist. The first two cd`s are like a ?Best Of? of Danish psych/acid rock, though other genres are featured here as well. The music on these two albums is hard to find at best. The third cd contains previously unreleased tracks that you wont find anywhere else.


Since I couldn?t find any reviews for this in English I have translated a Danish reviews from gaffa.dk If it sounds strange it has more to do with my hasty and somewhat verbatim translation than with the original interview.

?Derfra Hvor Vi Stod ? Sange Med Merværdi? is an impressive documentation of a musical history. The three cd`s contains no less than 57 songs from the cradle of danish progressive music. The artist, painter, writer and hippie Peder Bundgaard has been allowed to compile the soundtrack to his youth and his book ?Lykkens Pamfil?. The songs are all from the period 1966 ? 1976, and Peter Bundgaard music of choice was Danish acid-rock, performed by Young Flowers, Ache, Blue Sun, Old Man & The Sea and all the other acid-heads that flipped out inside a fog of hash-smoke and other chemicals. When the flute played an important part in rock-music and it was perfectly ok to sound like a copy of Cream of Jefferson Airplane. The music on these cd`s are innocent in a way that is nowhere to be found in contemporary music, but we are after all talking about the birth of Danish progressive rock ? the cradle of it to be exact ? where the acid-rock had one guitar-sound and bare breasts were something new. This is a chapter of Danish rock-history that is all but forgotten today, but that does not make the music any less interesting to listen to. ?Derfra Hvor Vi Stod ? Sange Med Merværdi? is very entertaining, going from very amusing to excellent and to sounding dated. A great big thanks to Peter Bundgård for bringing these stoned & groovy tunes back to light again ?www.gaffa.dk

Size: 390 MB
Bitrate: HQ Vbr 

Tracklist:

CD1 : 
1 Skousen & Ingemann - Herfra hvor vi står 
2 Savage Rose - A Girl I knew 
3 Young Flowers - Oppe i Træet 
4 Ache - Shadow of a Gipsy 
5 Midnight Sun - King of the Sun 
6 Stig Møller - To Sjæle en Tanke 
7 Gnags - Kloden rokker 
8 Culpeper\'s Orchard - Mountain Music 
9 Povl Dissing & Beefeaters - 
Lad mig blive noget 
10 Blue Sun ? Katedralen 
11 Røde Mor - Lil\' Johnnys Mund 
12 Burnin Red Ivanhoe - 
Ivanhoe i Brøndbyerne 
13 Gasolin - Laphophora Williamsii 
14 No Name ? Fødelandssang 
15 Alrune Rod - Du taler og si\'r 
16 Beefeaters - Night Fight 

CD2 : 
1 Sebastian - Når Lyset bryder frem 
2 Pan - Lady of the Sand 
3 Steppeulvene - Lykkens Pamfil 
4 Savage Rose - Dear little Mother 
5 Benny Holst - Sang om Merværdi 
6 Moirana - So my Daddy says 
7 Spillemændene - Vi skal dase 
8 Musikpatruljen - EEC Blues 
9 Secret Oyster ? Dampekspressen 
10 Old Man & the Sea ? Princess 
11 C.V. Jørgensen - Louises Band 
12 Day of Phoenix - Cellophane No. 1 
13 Røde Mor ? Grillbaren 
14 Hair - Supermouth 
15 Sigøjnerkompagniet - 
I kan ikke slå os ihjel 

CD3 : 
1 Burnin Red Ivanhoe - Showintroduktion 
2 Sylvesters Jukebox - Guess it\'s because 
3 Young Flowers - Like Birds 
4 Steppeulvene - Ud hvor du ikke kan bunde 
5 Savage Rose - Hey Joe 
6 The Stomps - My Parents 
7 Stoke Sect - Glasses 
8 Alrune Rod - Når Himlen er blå 
9 Pan - Right across my Bed 
10 Stig Møller - Min By 
11 T.P. Smoke - Smoke 
12 Hasse & the Reefers - Hashhunden glammer 
13 Beefeaters - Big City 
14 Fuhara - Impo Jensen 
15 Feo - Bedstemor 
16 Burnin Red Ivanhoe - John of the Dreams 
17 Dr. Dopo Jam - Cowboysangen 
18 Young Flowers - City of Friends 
19 Albuen - Ryesgades blegrøde Dronning 
20 Curled Edges - Goods 
21 The Maxwells - What did she do 
22 Crowd - Junk 
23 Beefeaters - L.S.D. 
24 Gasolin - Child of Institution

Enjoy & please seed back!


Visit my blog http://knuthulu.blogspot.com/ and download more music like this directly.