My Hero - Stephen Chow MPEG Dual Mono Cantonese & Mandarin Language (no subs)


Directed by:                                                                
                                                                             
Ka-Yan Leung                                                               
                                                                                                                                                        

Plot summary:                                                               
                                                                             
Sing loves to read cartoons and often day dreams of becoming a tycoon and  celebrity. By accident, he becomes a follower of Wai, a gang leader, and makes a friend of Wai's adopted son, Chun. The series of successes made by Sing and Chun breed contempt in Wai's heart. Wai plans to get rid of them so as to pave the way for his son to succeed to his own business. Still, his son kills him...                                                            
                                                                            
                                                                             
Credited cast:                                                              
                                                                             
Ann Bridgewater ....  Ann                                                  
Stephen Chow ....  Sing                                                     
Wilson Lam ....  Chun                                                       
Ka-Yan Leung ....  Hung Yi (as Kar Yan Leung)                               
Ming Yan Lung ....  Vietnamese Boss                                         
Hong-Ning Ng ....  Wai's Bodyguard                                          
Fui-On Shing ....  Bill                                                     
Kwan Yeung ....  Wai                                                        
Woo-ping Yuen ....  Master Yi       



asiantorrents
                                        
