BATMAN (1966) 11-22
Stars: Adam West (Bruce Wayne/Batman), Burt Ward (Richard Grayson/Robin: The Boy Wonder), Alan Napier (Alfred Pennyworth), Neil Hamilton (Commissioner James Gordeon), Stafford Repp (Chief O'Hara), William Dozier (Narrator)

11. A RIDDLE A DAY KEEPS THE RIDDLER AWAY (2/16/1966)
King Boris, who hails from a European country, comes to Gotham City for a visit. Upon his arrival, there is a disturbance, which includes a clue from the Riddler. Batman and Robin investigate and get on the Riddler's trail. They are trapped by the criminal, who ties them to large wheels that will spin with ever-increasing speed until they are dead.

Guest star: David Lewis (Warden Crichton), Byron Keith (Mayor Lindseed), Frank Gorshin (The Riddler) , Reginald Denny (King Boris), Susan Silo (Mousey), Marc Cavell (Fangs), Tim Herbert (Whiskers), Roy Jenson (Whitey), Bill Kendis (Newsman), Joy Harmon (Julia Davis), Johnny Magnus (M.C.), Tristram Coffin (Ambassador), John Archer (Guest), John Hubbard (Maitre D'), Marvin Miller (TV Announcer)

12. WHEN THE RAT'S AWAY THE MICE WILL PLAY  (2/17/1966)
Batman manages to escape the Riddler's death trap. He and Robin decide to lay low until they can figure out the Riddler's caper. Meanwhile, the Riddler frees King Boris, who brings a gift to a major monument in Gotham City. It turns out the Riddler has substituted a bomb for King Boris's gift and he is demanding a ransom. The Riddler, though, overplays his hand, enabling Batman and Robin to capture the Riddler and his gang.

Guest star: Byron Keith (Mayor Lindseed), David Lewis (Warden Crichton), Frank Gorshin (The Riddler) , Reginald Denny (King Boris), Susan Silo (Mousey), Marc Cavell (Fangs), Tim Herbert (Whiskers), Roy Jenson (Whitey), Bill Kendis (Newsman), Joy Harmon (Julia Davis), Johnny Magnus (M.C.), Tristram Coffin (Ambassador), John Archer (Guest), John Hubbard (Maitre D'), Marvin Miller (TV Announcer)

13. THE THIRTEENTH HAT  (2/23/1966)
Jervis Tetsch, aka the Mad Hatter, is abducting all the jurors who convicted him of a previous crime wave. He is also taking their hats. His final target is none other than Batman, who provided the key testimony in the Mad Hatter's trial. Batman and Robin have the Mad Hatter and his gang cornered but the criminal mastermind manages to encase the Caped Crusader in plaster of Paris.

Guest star: David Lewis (Warden Crichton), Gil Perkins (Dicer) , David Wayne (Jervis Tetch, The Mad Hatter), Robert Montgomery (Silver shop manager), Bob Legionaire (Sporting Goods Manager), Norma Varden (Mrs. Monteagle), John Ward (Citizen), Monique Lemaire (Madame Magda), Diane McBain (Lisa), Alberto Morin (Octave Marbot), Roland La Starza (Cappy), Sandra Wells (Babette)

14. BATMAN STANDS PAT  (2/24/1966)
Batman, thanks to superior breath control, is able to escape the plaster of Paris in which he was encased. Despite this, the Mad Hatter is still at large. Eventually, Batman and Robin again face off against the Mad Hatter at his criminal lair. Things look bad, but the Dyamic Duo manage to triumph.

Guest star: David Lewis (Warden Crichton), Byron Keith (Mayor Lindseed), Gil Perkins (Dicer) , David Wayne (Jervis Tetch, The Mad Hatter), Diane McBain (Lisa), Roland La Starza (Cappy), George Conrad (Turkey Bullwinkle), Sandra Wells (Babette), Alberto Morin (Octave Marbot), Monique Lemaire (Madame Magda)

15. THE JOKER GOES TO SCHOOL (3/2/1966)
At Gotham City High School, a vending machine gives out money. Dick Grayson is there to witness it. Batman learns the vending machines are operated by a company bought by the Joker after being released from prison. The Joker and his gang are aided by Susie, a cheerleader at the school. In the course of their investigation, Batman and Robin are captured and placed in electric chairs. If a "one armed bandit" comes up the wrong way, they'll be electrocuted.

Guest star: David Lewis (Warden Crichton), Byron Keith (Mayor Lindseed), Cesar Romero (The Joker) , Donna Loren (Susie), Kip King (Nick), Greg Benedict (Two Bits), Bryan O'Byrne (Principal Schoolfield), Tim O'Kelly (Pete), Cherie Foster (Cheerleader #1), Linda Harrison (Cheerleader #2), Sydney Smith (Vandergilt), Glenn Allan (Herbie), Donna Di Martino (Third girl), Dick Bellis (Joe), Joan Parker (Fourth girl), Breeland Rice (Cop), Jim Henaghan (Fulton)

16. HE MEETS HIS MATCH, THE GRISLY GHOUL  (3/3/1966)
A power failure prevents Batman and Robin from being electrocuted. Meanwhile, a recording Batman made confirms that cheerleader Susie is one of the Joker's confederates. Robin, in his Dick Grayson identity, attempts to infiltrate the gang. Meanwhile, the Joker's main plot is finally revealed. Members of the high school basketball team receive answers to final exams from the rigged vending machines. The Joker appears, claiming to be a concerned citizen. The team's starters will be suspended as the Joker bets big money on the team's next opponent. Batman, however, has other ideas.

Guest star: Byron Keith (Mayor Lindseed), David Lewis (Warden Crichton), Cesar Romero (The Joker) , Donna Loren (Susie), Kip King (Nick), Greg Benedict (Two Bits), Bryan O'Byrne (Principal Schoolfield), Tim O'Kelly (Pete), Cherie Foster (Cheerleader #1), Linda Harrison (Cheerleader #2), Sydney Smith (as Vandergilt), Glenn Allan (Herbie), Donna Di Martino (Third girl), Dick Bellis (Joe), Joan Parker (Fourth girl), Breeland Rice (Cop), Jim Henaghan (Fulton)

17. TRUE OR FALSE-FACE  (3/9/1966)
False Face traps Batman and Robin, and binding them to a subway track just minutes before a train is scheduled to come by.

Guest star: David Lewis (Warden Crichton), Byron Keith (Mayor Lindseed) , S. John Launer (George W. Ladd), Malachi Throne (False-Face), Gary Owens (TV Announcer), Joe Brooks (Brinks), Billy Curtis (Burns (midget)), Myrna Fahey (Blaze), Chuck Fox (Pinkerton), Michael Fox (Leo Gore), Holly Bane (Cowboy), Patrick Whyte (Curator)

18. HOLY RAT RACE  (3/10/1966)
Alfred contacts Batman by radio from the Batcave. Batman instructs the butler to short circuit a communications device the hero has on his wrist. This enable Batman to get free of his bonds. He and Robin get free just before they would be run over by a subway train. The Dynamic Duo resume their pursuit of False Face, which ends up at an old movie studio.

Guest star: David Lewis (Warden Crichton), Byron Keith (Mayor Lindseed) , Malachi Throne (False-Face), Gary Owens (TV Announcer), Joe Brooks (Brinks), Billy Curtis (Burns (midget)), Myrna Fahey (Blaze), Chuck Fox (Pinkerton), Michael Fox (Leo Gore), S. John Launer (George W. Ladd), Holly Bane (Cowboy), Patrick Whyte (Curator)

19. THE PURR-FECT CRIME  (3/16/1966)
Catwoman initiates a series of thefts that cause Commissioner Gordon to summon Batman and Robin. But the importance of the crimes go beyond the taking of the objects involved. The Dynamic Duo eventually find Catwoman's lair. But Robin is whisked away while Batman is given a choice between two doors. If he picks the right door, he'll find Robin. If he picks the wrong one, he'll face certain doom. The hero makes the wrong selection and is about to be attacked by a tiger.

Guest star: David Lewis (Warden Crichton), Byron Keith (Mayor Lindseed), Julie Newmar (The Catwoman) , Pat Zurica (Guard), Jock Mahoney (Leo), Ralph Manza (Felix), Harry Holcombe (Mr. Andrews), Alex Sharp (Henchman)

20. BETTER LUCK NEXT TIME  (3/17/1966)
Batman evades the attacking tiger thanks to his utility belt. First, he scales the wall. Then, he uses a sonic device "to split the tiger's skull," as narrator William Dozier informs us. The hero still has to free Robin, who is facing a separate death trap. Once that task is completed, the Dynamic Duo are back on Catwoman's trail. It turns out the feline villain is after the lost treasure of Captain Manx, which is in a remote spot outside of Gotham City.

Guest star: Byron Keith (Mayor Lindseed), David Lewis (Warden Crichton), Julie Newmar (The Catwoman) , Pat Zurica (Guard), Jock Mahoney (Leo), Ralph Manza (Felix), Harry Holcombe (Mr. Andrews), Alex Sharp (Henchman), Tinker Bell (Tiger)

21. THE PENGUIN GOES STRAIGHT  (3/23/1966)
The Penguin foils several would-be thefts before The Dynamic Duo show up, and Penguin announces his Penguin Protection Agency, intended to protect the wealth of Gotham City's society crowd. When Penguin is hired to protect jewels, The Darknight Detectives break into Miss Starr's apartment in order to replace the real jewels with  fakes. Unfortunately, they are caught trying to make the switch and are charged with burglary by The Felonious Fowl and his Finks. The Caped Crusader and The Boy Wonder escape, but are now labeled fugitives from justice! 

Guest star: David Lewis (Warden Crichton), Byron Keith (Mayor Lindseed), Burgess Meredith (The Penguin) , Kathleen Crowley (Sophia Starr), Harvey Lembeck (Eagle-Eye), Al Checco (Dove), Hope Sansberry (Mrs. Van Climber), Ed McCready (Crook), Douglas Bank (Lt. Copple), William Beckley (Reggie Rich), Bill Welch (Newsman [George]), Jim Drum (Cop [Clancy])

22. NOT YET, HE AIN'T  (3/24/1966)
The Penguin gets his new society friends to put pressure on Commissioner Gordon to rally Gotham to a manhunt â?? or bat-and-robin-hunt â?? and Gordon has no choice but to agree. Batman & Robin arrive at The Penguin Protection Agency, faking insanity and ready to tear The Penguin, Eagle-Eye and Dove apart! Following the ensuing melee, The Dynamic Duo immediately depart upon the arrival of the authorities, who, after chasing The Demented Duo for a couple of blocks, apparently kill them in a shootout in an nearby alley. Convinced Batman and Robin are finished, Penguin and his Finks swipe The Batmobile and speed off to plans their master caper!

Guest star: Byron Keith (Mayor Lindseed), David Lewis (Warden Crichton), Burgess Meredith (The Penguin) , Kathleen Crowley (Sophia Starr), Harvey Lembeck (Eagle-Eye), Al Checco (Dove), Hope Sansberry (Mrs. Van Climber), Ed McReady (Crook), Douglas Bank (Lt.Copple), William Beckley (Reggie Rich), Bill Welch (Newsman [George]), Jim Drum (Cop [Clancy]) 

Color/XviD/560x416/23.97fps
mp3/48kHz/107kbps/25min

Leave a comment if you'd like to see the rest of season 1 ! :)