Fahrenheit (c) Atari
      
        10/2006 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Tages
              1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Adventure
     
                   Üßß  ÜßßÜ ÜßÜßÜ Üßß  ß ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ Üß
  ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß Û ß² Ûßß² Û   ² ²ß Ü Û Û  ² ²ß   Û  ² ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                    ßß  ß    ß   ß ßßßß ß ß    ß     ßß   ßß
  
  Note:
  
  We brought you the US version of this game (Indigo Prophecy) before and
  now we give you the uncensored EU version of this game. It was never cracked
  before, is uncensored, came on a DVD and features some foreign languages 
  (French, German, Spanish) for those linguistically challenged.
  
  
  Game info:
  
  Fahrenheit, a spectacular interactive thriller, set in New-York, gives 
  gamers the unique chance to play both hunter and fugitive, which in turn 
  leads them to speak, explore, interact, fight and confront unknown dark 
  forces. 

  For no apparent reason, ordinary people are randomly killing total strangers.
  Although there is no link between the murderers, they all seem to follow 
  exactly the same ritual and pattern. 

  Lucas Kane becomes one of these murderers when he kills a stranger in the 
  men\'s room of a restaurant. Finding himself in control of Lucas, the player
  is haunted by strange visions and the desperate need to find out what is 
  happening to him. At the same time he must keep one step ahead of the 
  police, especially Inspector Carla Valenti and her teammate agent Tyler
  Miles. 


   
   
             ß ÜßßÜ Üß   ²ÜÜ  ÜßßÜ ²   ²   ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ²ÜÜ  Üßß  Üß
  ßßßßßßßßßß Û Û  ² ßßßÛ Û  Ü Ûßß² Û   Û   Û  ² Û  ² Û  Ü ²ß Ü ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßß
             ß ß     ßß   ßßß ß    ßßß ßßß ß     ßß   ßßß ßßßß  ßß
   
  1. Unrar.
  2. Burn or mount with Daemon tools.
  3. Install the game.
  4. Install the update and copy the cracked files located in the Crack
     directory on the DVD to your installation directory.
  5. Play.