Legger opp denne geniale el-piano simulatoren for alle dere som vil ha litt soulful keyboards i musikken deres.



       ¦ Release:  Applied Acoustics Lounge Lizard EP-2 v2.0      ¦
       ¦ Supplier  : TEAM SYNTHX                                                  ¦
       ¦ Protection: SERIAL                                                           ¦
       ¦ Date : 08-27-03                                                               ¦
       ¦ Size: 2 x 4MB                                                                   ¦
       ¦ Type: VSTi / DXi  

       The Lounge  Lizard is  a software  electric piano  based on  the
       classic  instruments   of  the   70Æ(Rhodes,  Wurlitzer).   Each
       component of these instruments has been modeled with  AAScutting
       edge  physical  modeling  technology  to  provide  realistic and
       lively  sounds.Physical modeling  uses the  laws of  physics to
       reproduce the behavior of an object. In other words, the  Lounge
       Lizard solves, in  real time, mathematical  equations describing
       how its different components function. No sampling or wavetables
       are used in the Lounge Lizard, the sound is simply calculated in
       real time by the CPU  according to the values each  parameter is
       receiving. The Lounge Lizard is more than a simple recreation of
       vintage instruments,  its parameters  can be  tweaked to extreme
       values not possible with the real instruments to get some  truly
       amazing new sounds that still retain a warm acoustic quality.

       Each part  of the  Lounge Lizard  can be  modified in real time.
       These parts are the hammer, the fork, the pick up and a two band
       EQ. In addition to those parts, weÆve added some classic effects
       that have been  long associated with  the electric piano,  these
       effects are wah, phaser, tremolo and delay. 

       Over 50  presets are  included in  the Lounge  Lizard covering a
       wide range  from bright  clean pianos  to very  nasty ones. Also
       included are some more experimental sounds.
       
       www.applied-acoustics.com

       New in v2.0

       - Now includes key release model for even greater realism 
       - Choose between the Lounge Lizard's original pickup model 
         acclaimed for it's growl and bite, or a new secondary model 
         specifically designed for crystal clean tones 
       - All effects modulation and stereo delays sync to host tempo 
       - Support for MIDI program change for hands-free operation 
       - New browser interface makes finding presets quick and easy 
       - Optimized DSP engine for 3 times greater CPU performance 
       
       
       H2O NOTES :

         During testing, the VSTi was found to be a little
         unstable on some systems using SX/Orion as hosts

 Install Info:

        Unzip , Unrar & run Setup.exe