
                                  THE RUTLES
                             All You Need Is Cash


                                          Comedy spoof of Beatlemania 
                                          from Monty Python's Eric Idle...
                                 

  The Rutles, a hilarious spoof of The Beatles and the brainchild of Monty
Python's Eric Idle, made their first appearance in a short film on Saturday
Night Live. Audience response was so overwhelming that SNL producer Lorne
Michaels decided to go ahead with a full production, All You Need Is Cash,
which originally aired on NBC-TV in the spring of 1978 - six years before the
more famous "mockumentary," Spinal Tap. The extravaganza starred Idle and Neil
Innes (the latter of whom wrote all of the music) and featured special guests
Mick Jagger, Ron Wood, Paul Simon, John Belushi, Dan Aykroyd, Gilda Radner,
Bill Murray, and even ex-Beatle George Harrison.

  Follow four mop-topped young Brits whose right choice of trousers (tight)
gets them a lifetime recording contract despite their lack of musical ability.
Overcoming that, they produce monumental albums like Sgt. Rutter's Only Darts
Club Band, which, along with appearances on The Ed Sullivan Show and a concert
at Che Stadium, cement their world domination of pop music. But, as with their
Fab Four namesake, artistic differences and various other problems threaten to
derail Rutlemania. Don't miss The Rutles' wonderfully warped songs "Hold My
Hand," "Love Life," "Ouch!," "Piggy In The Middle," "Cheese And Onions," "Get
Up And Go," and many other familiar-sounding tunes. 

 The DVD version includes director's commentary and introduction with Eric
Idle, an interactive photo gallery, animated menus, enhanced 5.1 audio, and
alternate scenes from the U.K. version of the film!


                                    CAST:

Eric Idle        ...  Dirk McQuickly/Narrator/Stanley J. Krammerhead III,Jr.,
                      Occasional visiting professor of applied narcotics at 
                      the University of Please Yourself Ca.
John Halsey      ...  Barry Womble
Ricky Fataar     ...  Stig O'Hara (as Rikki Fataar)
Neil Innes       ...  Ron Nasty
Michael Palin    ...  Eric Manchester, Rutle Corp. Press Agent/Lawyer
George Harrison  ...  The Interviewer
Bianca Jagger    ...  Martini McQuickly
John Belushi     ...  Ron Decline, The most feared promoter in the world
Dan Aykroyd      ...  Brian Thigh, Ex-Record producer who turned down 
                      the Rutles
Gilda Radner     ...  Mrs. Emily Pules
Bill Murray      ...  Bill Murray the K.
Gwen Taylor      ...  Mrs. Iris Mountbatten/Chastity
Ron Wood         ...  Hells Angel
Terence Bayler   ...  Leggy Mountbatten
Henry Woolf      ...  Arthur Sultan, The Surrey Mystic

 Director Gary Weis
 Executive producer Lorne Michaels
 Conceived and written by Eric Idle
 Music & lyrics Neil Innes

 
                                 TECHNICAL:

Run Time:        73 min.
Format:          Black & White, Color, Dolby, NTSC
Language:        English
Region:          Region 0 (patched :)
Volume name:     THERUTLES
Aspect Ratio:    4:3
Rating:          Not Rated
Studio:          Rhino / Wea
DVD Release Date: March 13, 2001

DVD Features:
  Audio Tracks: English (Dolby Digital 5.1)
  Commentary by Eric Idle
  Photo gallery
  Introduction and selected memoirs by Eric Idle
  Play Songs Only feature
  New transfer from original 16mm print
  Deleted scenes: 
     Blue Suede Schubert, Poet (for American Viewers), 
     Mick Jagger, Paul Simon


                                SEED & ENJOY!
