Arabic Anime Adnan wa Lina avi all eps by themanalaa


Type :avi ...Good

Size :3,97 gb

Files :26 full

language/talk: arabic


Thanks for all who make this wonderfull serie--------





Future Boy Adnan (Conan), also known as Conan: The Boy in Future (???????, Mirai Sh?nen Konan?), is a 26 episodes anime series by Hayao Miyazaki first aired in April 1978. It was translated and dubbed into English, arabic, frnsh and many other  by the anime television network, Animax, who broadcast the series under the title Conan: The Boy in Future, in its respective networks in Southeast Asia and the Indian Subcontinent.




The story is based on the novel The Incredible Tide by Alexander Key. The story begins in July 2008. Mankind is faced with the threat of extinction. An ultra-magnetic weapon, far more devastating than any nuclear weapon known, had destroyed half the world in a single instant. The earth\\\'s crust was rocked by massive movements, the earth was thrown off its axis, and the five continents were torn completely apart and sank deep below the sea.

The attempt by a number of people to flee to outer space failed. Their spaceships were forced back to the earth and vanished, shattering their hopes. But one of the spaceships narrowly escaped destruction and crash landed on a small island which had miraculously survived the devastation. The crew members of the spaceship settled there, as if they were seeds sown on the island.

After years, a boy named Conan was born. He was a new life in the desert, a ray of light in the darkness of the annihilated earth.

The series is about Conan\\\'s and Lana\\\'s adventure. Among the few survivors were those who started the war who continued their fighting by taking over the remains of the devastated planet. Conan and his friends fought against them in several ways including using the power of communicating with animals








you will find more info on many languges on this site 

 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adnan_wa_Lina




After you download this seed ..share..keep it up.....

