This game is based on the movie of the same name and follows the story of an Egyptian Emperor who betrayed his master as he was sentenced to mummification in 1290BC. His soul is reawakened by some archaeologists, and wreaks havoc upon the land. 
Taking a third-person perspective, you guide Rick O'Connor--the hero of the movie--through pyramids and mazes, fighting various villains, living skeletons and Scarab beetles while collecting treasure and solving puzzles along the way. 

The graphics are excellent, with cut sequences placed between each level to reveal more of the game's plot. The music is directly taken from the score of the film, which adds to the tension and excitement. 

To help the uninitiated of the gaming world dialogue boxes appear teaching you how to control O'Connor and these also act as a way to point out switches, levers and later on in actually helping to solve some of the more difficult puzzles. The playing arenas are vast, all with source lighting so as not to reveal too much to the player. With eight levels and 78 hidden bonus features, this game certainly is value for money. 

Product Description 

As Rick O'Connell, players combat the living dead and other ghostly residents of Hamunaptra, City of the Dead, in The Mummy. The game puts the fate of the film's heroes in the hands of the player as they search for treasures and attempt to defeat Imhotep, the guardian Mummy. There are numerous mummies to battle, each with their own unique abilities, plus a horde of other creepy characters such as scarabs, spirits and swarms of locusts. Complete with terrifying visuals and sound effects fashioned after the hit movie, The Mummy will thrill those who dare to enter its grim and cavernous paths. The locations depicted throughout have been re-created from the screenplay of the film and include interactive environments such as trap doors, pitfalls, breakaway platforms and hidden traps. Customised character behaviour and real-time action lend authenticity to the game settings. Atmospheric pre-lighting, spot effects and live sparks highlight the chilling action hiding around every corner. 

ok now everybody comes to the point i m uploading .nrg image file of the mummy pc game download it & burn it on a blank cd for best performance use sony blank cd there is no need of any crack for this game but be sure when u play this game u have to put the game cd in the cd or dvd rom of ur computer the graphics of the game is superb 


System Requirements: 

Windows 98/ME 2000/XP compatible 
Pentium II 300Mhz 
64Mb RAM for 98 & Me. (128MB RAM for 2000& XP) 
DirectX 8 compatible 8 MB Video Card 
DirectX 8 compatible sound card 
