First of all, thanks to all the jazz uploaders. Keep it up folks.

I tried creating a multi-tracker torrent, but I'm not sure if it works.. In case you can't get this torrent to connect, try the one I put up on demonoid or torrentspy. Cheers.

Charles Mingus - The Black Saint and the Sinner Lady [1963]
EAC + LAME 3.90.3 APS

Review by Steve Huey

The Black Saint and the Sinner Lady is one of the greatest achievements in orchestration by any 

composer in jazz history. Charles Mingus consciously designed the six-part ballet as his magnum 

opus, and -- implied in his famous inclusion of liner notes by his psychologist -- it's as much an 

examination of his own tortured psyche as it is a conceptual piece about love and struggle. It 

veers between so many emotions that it defies easy encapsulation; for that matter, it can be 

difficult just to assimilate in the first place. Yet the work soon reveals itself as a masterpiece 

of rich, multi-layered texture and swirling tonal colors, manipulated with a painter's attention 

to detail. There are a few stylistic reference points -- Ellington, the contemporary avant-garde, 

several flamenco guitar breaks -- but the totality is quite unlike what came before it. Mingus 

relies heavily on the timbral contrasts between expressively vocal-like muted brass, a rumbling 

mass of low voices (including tuba and baritone sax), and achingly lyrical upper woodwinds, 

highlighted by altoist Charlie Mariano. Within that framework, Mingus plays shifting rhythms, 

moaning dissonances, and multiple lines off one another in the most complex, interlaced fashion 

he'd ever attempted. Mingus was sometimes pigeonholed as a firebrand, but the personal exorcism of 

Black Saint deserves the reputation -- one needn't be able to follow the story line to hear the 

suffering, mourning, frustration, and caged fury pouring out of the music. The 11-piece group 

rehearsed the original score during a Village Vanguard engagement, where Mingus allowed the 

players to mold the music further; in the studio, however, his exacting perfectionism made The 

Black Saint and the Sinner Lady the first jazz album to rely on overdubbing technology. The result 

is one of the high-water marks for avant-garde jazz in the '60s and arguably Mingus' most 

brilliant moment.

Link:
http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:rfud6j477180

1 - 6:39 - Track A - Solo Dancer
2 - 6:47 - Track B - Duet Solo Dancers
3 - 7:25 - Track C - Group Dancers
4 - 18:41 - Mode D - Trio and Group Dancers / 
            Mode E - Single Solos and Group Dance / 
	    Mode F - Group and Solo Dance
