Medieval II: Total War (c) Sega

11/2006 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Safedisc
2 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Strategy

Medieval 2 is the latest and greatest game to be released in the best
selling and award-winning Total War series. Set in the years 1080-1530 the
most turbulent period in European history, the game combines a vast, deep-
thinking turn-based strategy campaign with the most cinematic, epic and
brutal real-time battles ever seen in the genre.

A vastly enhanced version of the Total War engine vividly portrays the pure
bloodlust of Medieval warfare with massive battles of more than 10,000 troops
splayed across new graphically rich environments. For the first time in the
Total War series each troop is an individual, garbed with the rich heraldic
colours and glinting arms and armour of the period.

On the battlefield theyll survey their surroundings for threats and
incoming opponents and react accordingly. When engaged theyll string
together a series of devastating moves as Medieval 2s new combat animation
brings the conflict to life like never before. Total War has never been so
ferocious or realistic.

The Medieval 2 grand campaign will hand you the reins of one of an emerging
faction as you set about sweeping throughout Europe, conquering all before
you. Expand your borders and develop your lands for wealth and prosperity by
building cities or swell your army by constructing vast castles to protect
your land and keep your rivals quaking with fear.

Use Princesses for diplomatic gain, Priests to spread the influence of your
religious beliefs and Merchants to fill your coffers for your war effort.
All the time the Pope and the Papal States watch over the Christian world,
assessing the strength of your faith and making demands to prove your
loyalty. Do you cater to his whims and avoid excommunication or plot his
downfall and rig the papal elections to place your own Pope in power?

1. Unrar.
2. Burn or mount with Daemon tools.
3. Install the game.
4. When asked for serial enter S3U6-W8R9-D26N-X34L
5. Copy the cracked files located in the Crack directory on DVD1 to your
installation directory.
6. Play the game.