Barry Cooper - Never Get Busted, whole DVD + Bonus material.


 
http://www.nevergetbusted.com/

Barry Cooper shows you how to never get caught for drug (cannabis) offences!


Barry is an eight year veteran beginning his Texas law enforcement career as a police dispatcher for the Gladewater Police Department. He was soon hired by the Big Sandy Police Department where he trained his own narcotic detector dog and soon became one of the top highway interdiction officers in East Texas. Although Barry had less than five miles of highway to practice seizing narcotics, he held a county record of nearly one-hundred drug arrests and a record marijuana seizure.

Barry was quickly recognized and contacted by the Permian Basin Drug Task Force located in Odessa, Texas which had jurisdiction in nineteen surrounding counties. Here Barry received extensive training and worked joint operations with the ATF, DEA, FBI, U.S. Military and Border Patrol. Barry is well trained in all interdiction methods including undercover operations, reversal operations, search warrants, K-9\'s, traffic stops and public transportation narcotics interdiction (buses and airplanes.)

Barry\'s talents were soon noticed and he began traveling the State of Texas teaching narcotics interdiction classes to various police academies and agencies. The standard agreement between Barry and the host agency was to pay wages and all expenses for a two or three day class which included an eight hour shift of Barry demonstrating his interdiction skills. If Barry failed to make a drug arrest in the eight hour shift, he forfeited all monies and the class was free. Barry never had to give any money back!

After two years with the Permian Basin Drug Task Force, Barry was contacted by his earlier employer, Gladewater Police Department, to become head of their narcotics division. Barry\'s desire to return home and bring his training back to East Texas resulted in a two year stint with the G.P.D. where Barry once again became the leading drug enforcement officer.

Political pressures including arresting the mayor\'s son for methamphetamine, a city councilman for marijuana, and outperforming the DEA and local task force caused Barry to quit law enforcement and become a successful entrepreneur. During his career, Barry had accumulated an impressive record of over 300 felony narcotics arrests, 500 misdemeanor narcotics arrests, the seizure of over fifty vehicles and approximately 1/2 million in cash and assets.


Förändra de svenska cannabislagarna! Overgrow 2007! www.cannabisera.se