Boek stijgt met stip dankzij Bin Laden

De kritische Amerikaanse schrijver William Blum zal bijzonder blij zijn met de geluidsopname die deze week werd uitgezonden van Osama bin Laden. In de audioboodschap uit Bin Laden niet alleen dreigende taal jegens de VS, maar raadt hij ook iedereen aan om het boek 'Rogue State, a guide to the World's only Superpower' (Schurkenstaat, een gids naar de enige supermacht ter wereld) te lezen.

Dankzij Bin Ladens aanbeveling schoot het boek omhoog op de verkooplijst van internetwinkel Amazon. In de hitlijst der boeken van het bedrijf steeg het met superstip van plaats 209.000 naar 28.

Blum schrijft in het boek kritisch over het anti-terrorismebeleid van de VS.


----------------------------------------------------------

The bin Laden book club

How the world's most notorious terrorist just launched an obscure left-wing American author into bestseller stardom.

Watch out, Oprah Winfrey, Osama bin Laden has jumped into the book-promotion game. 

On Wednesday, the 72-year-old Washington author William Blum existed only on the fringes of the publishing industry. His 2000 foreign-policy diatribe, "Rogue State: A Guide to the World's Only Superpower," ranked No. 205,763 on Amazon's bestseller list. Today its number 28 on that bestseller list. His byline rarely appeared in print, he says.

But then the world's No. 1 newsmaker, bin Laden, showed up Thursday on the Al-Jazeera network to promise another terrorist attack on America, ask President Bush to withdraw American troops -- 
saying:

If you (Americans) are sincere in your desire for peace and security, we have answered you. And if Bush decides to carry on with his lies and oppression, then it would be useful for you to read the book "Rogue State," which states in its introduction: "If I were president, I would stop the attacks on the United States: First I would give an apology to all the widows and orphans and those who were tortured. Then I would announce that American interference in the nations of the world has ended once and for all."

-----------------------------------------------------------
