evolve > your work. your way

Do you have the vision to bring 3D film effects to the big screen? How about generating realistic characters in a top-selling game? Maybe rich and complex design visualization is in your plan? Whether you are new to 3ds max® technology or already a fan of the world's #1 3D animation solution, 3ds max® 7 will empower you to boldly tackle even the most radical creative challenges.

You bring the imagination. We'll bring the rest. Introducing 3ds max 7—the must-have 3D modeling, animation, and rendering solution for demanding artists, schools, and production environments. This landmark release of Discreet’s award-winning software raises the bar once again, defining the new state of the art in 3D animation for game development, design visualization, feature film and television effects, and education.

Want to see the new version in action? Check out the Discreet  data overdrive roadshow.


New Features

3ds max® 7 software offers powerful new features designed to increase performance and boost productivity

Industry-leading normal mapping tools:  3ds max 7 animation technology includes all new tools for creating normal maps and previewing the results in the viewport using DX9 shaders. Plus, 3ds max 7 is now the first major 3D application to support normal maps in the rendering process, allowing artists to add amazing detail while limiting the total volume of geometry in a scene.

Character creation and animation: 3ds max 7 software introduces great character modeling tools into the skinning system to make incredibly detailed and realistic characters. 3ds max 7 software also includes the award-winning character animation system, character studio®, as a fully integrated standard component.

Performance: Stability and performance are critical issues to any 3D artist. 3ds max 7 technology continues to enhance stability while introducing numerous performance enhancements, including the new TurboSmooth smoothing system, increased Viewport speed, and a new Object Culling system that procedurally reduces the number of objects displayed, keeping the focus on critical aspects of the scene.

Visit us at: www.torrent-hispania.com