Description
Easier to use, faster and more powerful, Musicmatch Jukebox 10 gives you ultimate control over your music universe. A whole new range of library, playlist and portable device controls are just some of the enhancements you'll find in the world's most powerful jukebox.

New and Improved Library

Smarter Library
New built-in feedback information on tracks, times and size of selected tracks and playlists delivers a continually updated view of your music. Further optimization allows the library to perform tasks in the background so you always have access to your music, and music links are automatically updated so the Jukebox always knows where your music is – even when it's closed.

New Library Views
Drag and drop columns to rearrange them to your liking, or simply right-click to choose which of the 39 columns you want to hide or display. Upgrade to Jukebox Plus and create your own Custom View based on numerous criteria and filters.

Enhanced Album Art View
A new, faster split-screen Album Art view lets you browse your entire library by album art with an additional window for viewing individual tracks. Easily find and play your favorite albums while enjoying a colorful montage of your music library.

New Dynamic Search and Navigation Tools
Easily find music in your library by simply typing a few letters of your favorite artist, album or track – each new keystroke will narrow your displayed results until you find exactly what you're looking for.

Direct Library Editing
Whether you are editing tags for your MP3s, Musicmatch Downloads or On Demand tracks, in-place editing allows you to make changes directly in your music library. Plus, drag and drop tagging makes updating tracks tags even easier.

Deeper Tagging
Tag your tracks with many new information fields, including personal ratings, featured artists and ten new classical music fields. We've even given you the power to create your own custom fields, so you can always be on top of your music.


Export to spreadsheet
Musicmatch Jukebox Plus users can now export their library track list to a spreadsheet or text file. Permanently document your entire music collection, create music pie charts or simply impress your friends with the size and contents of your library.

More Powerful Music Discovery

New AutoDJ
The all-new AutoDJ is the easiest way to automatically create the perfect playlist and discover new music. AutoDJ now harnesses the power of the Musicmatch Music Discovery Engine to create custom playlists from your library, the On Demand Service or both. Simply type in a few of your favorite artists, and AutoDJ does the rest. Further fine-tune your results by setting playlist size, track popularity, release date and mix diversity.

Enhanced Classic AutoDJ
For those of you hooked on our classic AutoDJ, we've made it even better with expanded selection criteria and the ability to create mixes based on size, time or number of tracks.

New Custom Station Creator
Musicmatch Premium Radio features a new Custom Station Creator that plugs into the Musicmatch Music Discovery Engine to help you quickly build the perfect station based on several criteria, such as related artists, eras or over 200 genres.

Performance Enhancements

Large library support
The Musicmatch Music Library has been overhauled to expertly handle large libraries with ease. Whether you have 100 tracks or 100,000, we've got you covered.

Navigate Faster
Musicmatch Jukebox 10 and all the music services you've come to love start up and display faster than ever before. Sort tracks, switch views and navigate your music twice as fast with Musicmatch Jukebox 10.

Faster CD Ripping and Burning
New ripping and burning speeds allow you to copy CDs onto your computer or burn existing tracks to CD faster than ever before. Upgrade to Musicmatch Jukebox Plus to rip and burn CDs up to six times faster.

Improved Portable Device Management

New Portable Device Manager
The Portable Device Manager now features a brand new Portable Device Wizard so you can spend less time figuring out how to sync your device, and more time listening to music on the go. This step-by-step wizard helps you set up the perfect sync profile for your portable music player, including separate profiles for different devices with different capacities, etc

Duplicate Track Finder
Musicmatch Jukebox Plus users can maximize the space on their portable devices using the new Duplicate Track Finder tool to make sure that no disk space is being used up by duplicate tracks.

Easiest to Use Jukebox

New Playlist Manager
Manage playlists easier and faster by viewing them alongside your library or our full online music catalog. Create playlists by dragging and dropping tracks to the playlist of your choosing, whether they're from your library, the Musicmatch On Demand service or Music Store.

New CD view
Audio and MP3 CD contents are now conveniently displayed in the expansion window, where the entire CD or selected tracks can easily be added to the playlist window.

Drag and rip
When playing a CD, simply drag the CD tracks in the playlist window directly to the Library, and the Musicmatch Recorder will automatically start copying (ripping) the CD to your computer.

New skin color themes
Musicmatch Jukebox 10 features a new, easy-to-read, high-contrast skin and several new skin themes to suit your personal taste.

Enjoy!
