AKVIS LLC All Plugins:

AKVIS Retoucher ? Image Restoration Software     
  AKVIS Retoucher Plug-in is an efficient program for photo restoration and photo retouching. 

Retoucher does not only remove dust, scratches, stains and other defects that appear on damaged photos but is also able to reconstruct the lacking parts of the photo using the information of the sourrounding areas. more... 
 
 
  
AKVIS Chameleon ? Image Combination Software     
  AKVIS Chameleon Plug-in is photo collage creation software remarkable for the automatic adjustment of inserted objects to the target image color range. 

Create customized postcards for your loved ones, make a wedding or a birthday album, correct closed eyes (by implanting open eyes from another photo of the series), change the appearance of a person, etc. more... 
 
 
  
AKVIS Stamp ? Image Healing Tool     
  AKVIS Stamp Plug-in is a photo retouching tool for seamless defects removal and objects cloning. 

The field of application ranges from portrait enhancement (as it brilliantly removes wrinkles, scars) to retouching of different image flaws. more... 
 
 
  
AKVIS Enhancer ? Detail-Enhancement Software     
  AKVIS Enhancer Plug-in is an image enhancement program for revealing details on a picture. 

Enhancer allows detecting details from underexposed, overexposed and mid tone areas of a photo without changing the overall exposure. more... 
 
 
  
AKVIS Coloriage ? Add Color to Black and White Photos     
  AKVIS Coloriage is a flexible plug-in for colorization of black and white photos and replacing of colors on a color photo. No layers manipulation, no complicated techniques. You choose colors, the programs creates a natural- looking colorization. 

Besides, apply the plug-in to create colorful backgrounds out of ordinary dull pictures, to get rid of the red eye effect, to make selective color correction, selective desaturation and colorizing. more... 
 
 
  
AKVIS Noise Buster ? Noise Reduction Software     
  AKVIS Noise Buster is noise suppression software. It reduces both luminance and color noise on digital images without spoiling other aspects of the photo. 

Digital noise can be produced by a number of factors: heating of the camera matrix, long exposure shooting, small pixel size (therefore digital compact cameras generate much noisier images than digital SLRs), high ISO settings, etc. 

After Noise Buster your photos look neat and accomplished. more... 
 
 
  
AKVIS Sketch ? Convert a Photo to a Pencil Sketch     
  AKVIS Sketch turns a photo into work of art. It converts an image into a pencil sketch or a watercolor drawing with a few mouse clicks. The Sketch plugin allows you to achieve amazing effects quickly and easily. 

Now you do not need to handle a pencil to feel like an artist. All you need to create your original work of art is good taste and AKVIS Sketch. more... 
 
 
  
AKVIS Decorator ? Resurface and Recolor     
  The Decorator plug-in allows you to change the surface of an object in a verisimilar way. You select a part of an image in your image editor, launch the plug-in and apply new textures to the selected area. There is a great variety of built-in patterns to apply - from fabrics to stones and metal, from food to nature elements. 

The program puts on a texture keeping the volume of an object, following its folds and creases. The new pattern looks absolutely natural and makes you see things differently. 

You can also recolor the object. more... 
 
 
  
AKVIS LightShop ? Amazing light effects     
  AKVIS LightShop lets you create an infinite number of amazing light effects! 

A light effect draws attention and animates any photo. It can make it look more natural (by adding reflections on shiny objects) or on the contrary - add a bit of magic and fantasy. Just a few clicks and the eyes of your loved one sparkle like diamonds; some simple manipulations and a moonlit road appears in night scenery. 

For quick start the program offers ready-to-use light effects (presets). more... 
 
 
  
AKVIS Frame Suite ? Frame your memories!     
  Frame Suite is an impressing collection of easily adjustable frames for decoration of photos. The software offers a great variety of frame versions (from classic to most fancy frame samples) as well as gives an opportunity to generate a frame out of user patterns. more... 
 

Official Site - http://akvis.com/en/products-photo-editing-software.php
