



The One Eyed Dude 

  provides you with

..: Aquadelic GT Multi 5 (c) ArcadeMoon -.direct.play.- :..

* now playable from ANY external device, for example      *
* usbsticks or external HDs. or MicroSD cards!. go and    *
* play and work, or school. ;)                            *


ripped: > nothing!
added: > xtraSJ-BMF.7z.


.: about :.

Arcade Moon invites you to a water world of speed boats and crazy
races in Aquadelic GT!
Join the Aquadelic league and race for glory and cold hard cash
across Russian canals, Greek port towns and Caribbean islands!
Become a star as you build up fans in the crowd.  The more famous
you become the bigger sponsors you can land, and the more cash you
can splash!  Buy lavish new homes, bigger and better boats and live
the lifestyle of a superstar boat racer!
As well as classic boat races in the style of a kart racer - designed
to be easy to play but tricky to master - you can also move about the
world between races, looking for new sponsors, or just showing off your
hot new boat to the fans!
But watch out for your rivals as they pound you with their torpedo sharks,
snag you in their dragnets or pummel you from above with the dreaded
bird bomb!  Not to worry - you can hit 'em back harder with everything
you've got!


.: install :.

1.: Unrar with latest winrar or use 7zip!

2.: double click: AquaGT.exe ( must be done, 1st! )

3.: double click: MakeDestopIcon.exe and start with Desktop-icon. ;) 


*** 3-steps-to-play-and-still-there-are-peeps-unable-to-do-play...
*** why?...see below! (special info note). and thínk about!.





S p e c i a l   I n f o   N o t e :

Some virus-scanner recognize the header of a packed exe 

( AquaGT.exe )

as a lame virus, (coz its thebyte by byte check error of em!.) 

Its almost certainly a false positive alert from overly protective heuristics

you can read more about in your VirusTool-Manual or VirusTools-WebSite!.

(heuristics).    >>>  thank you for reading!.



-ToeD


-eol-
