This is a somewhat unique experiment I originally started in 2004. I took recordings of some of my favorite poets (from the 1950s-2000s) and incorporated them into mixes of songs that I felt either fit the mood or added to the theme of the poem being read. 

The result is 15 tracks of poets such as Frank O'Hara, Allen Ginsberg, Sylvia Plath, Robert Lowell, and William Carlos Williams reading their work to the tunes of artists such as The Beatles, Nirvana, Moby, Doris Day, and some lesser known groups. I even included one track that includes a comedy bit by Lenny Bruce set to a Jimi Hendrix song. 

The tracks are difficult to describe. I'd say they're similar to mash-ups because they each incorporate two different recordings that were never meant to go together, but they do not contain several songs overlapping each other. I've simply taken a poetry reading and mixed it to music -- therefore, "Poetry Meets Music."

Poetry Meets Music (Mixes/Mash-Ups)
Mixed by Len Sousa
len@len-sousa.com  
http://www.len-sousa.com


All tracks have been labelled the following way:

     Poet & Musician - Poem Title (Song Title)

Track List: 

01.  Frank O'Hara & The Beatles - Poem (Get Back)
02.  Jim Carroll & Hero And Leander - A Child Growing Up With The Sun (An Aspiration)
03.  Allen Ginsberg & The Trouble Lights - America (The Highs And Lows)
04.  Mark Strand & Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan - Man And Camel (Yeh Jo Halka Halka Suroor Hae)
05.  Lisa Jarnot & Beck - Future Poem (Hot Wax)
06.  William Carlos Williams & Pixies - This Is Just To Say (Hey)
07.  Sylvia Plath & Doris Day The Applicant (Perhaps, Perhaps, Perhaps)
08.  Lenny Bruce & Jimi Hendrix - Airplane Glue (Voodoo Child)
09.  Allen Ginsberg & The Beatles - A Supermarket In California (Ob-la-di, Ob-la-da)
10.  Frank O'Hara & Nirvana - Poem (Love Buzz)
11.  Sylvia Plath & The Doors - Lady Lazarus (L'America)
12.  Czeslaw Milosz & New Order - A Song At The End Of The World (Blue Monday)
13.  Randall Jarrell & Moby - The Death Of The Ball Turret Gunner (God Moving Over The Face Of The Waters)
14.  Robert Lowell & Philip Glass - For The Union Dead (Metamorphosis)
15.  Bill Knott & The Beatles - Corpse And Beans, Or What Is Poetry (Two Of Us)
 
 
 		