Askil Holm - Harmony Hotel

Tracks:

01 - Living In The Country
02 - Ain't No Cure Loving You
03 - Where The Angels Sleep
04 - Kodak Moments
05 - Thinking Of You
06 - Town Of Fire
07 - The Andy Edmunds Show
08 - The Record Store
09 - Where Do You Go From Here?
10 - Argue
11 - How Long Will I Love You?
12 - Ain't No Cure Loving You (Live Bonustrack)
13 - Where The Angels Sleep (Live Bonustrack)

Release date: 012907
Label: Universal Records
Genre: Country Pop
Bitrate: 320 kbs VBR Lame Joint Stereo
File Format: mp3
File Size: 86.7 mb


Platen ble til under en tur Askil Holm og Martin Hagfors hadde til Praha. Der leide de seg inn på Harmony Hotel...

Harmony Hotel er hovedsaklig skrevet sammen med Kyrre Fritzner (deLillos & The Rambelins) og Martin Hagfors (The National Bank, Big Bang, Hellbillies & HGH).

I tillegg har Daniel Hovik (Askil Holm Band) bidratt noen låter. Jørn Dahl og Hans Olav Grøttheim (Kurt Nilsen og Lene Marlin) har produsert i sterkt samarbeid med Askil Holm.

Platen er spilt inn i Disclab Studio i Oslo
og i tillegg i Kyrre Fritzners studio i Fredrikstad. Noe er også gjort i Askils eget Villa Moan Studio i Namsos. Albumet inneholder 11 knallsterke poplåter, samt to bonus live-låter fra Oslo Spektrum i oktober i fjor. (Where the angels sleep & Ain`t no cure loving you)
www.askilholm.com



Through the two four years Askil Holm has positioned himself as an up-and-comer amongst the younger crowd of norwegian rockartists. Already as a thirteenyearold he debuted on TV performing on the Norwegian Broadcasting Channel (NRK) as the lead singer of the band Attack.

Askil then decided to see what life as a solo-artist was like. His EP ?The Boy with the Boomerang? was published through the, at the time, recently started Apache Records in 2001, and became his first solo-release.

?The Boy with the Boomerang? was well-received by the critics, which secured his band gigs throughout Norway. Winter and Spring 2002 was a great period for Askil. His second EP, ?Seven Days in the Sun? was released on Apache Records..REC 90 with distribution through EMI and Virgin in february, and the critics loved it. Norwegian VG gave the release 5 dots on the dice, and referred to Askil as the ?new comet? within the norwegian rockscene up ahead of the annual by:Larm event.

And by:Larm would also prove to be the scene which provided Askil Holm with his final breakthrough as a solo-artist. At by:Larm he won prices for best live-artist from VG and NRK Petre, as well as being awarded the price for song of the year for his ?The Boy with the Boomerang? by the Norwegian Musicpublisherassociation. As an extra price, his concert was given 5 out of 6 by two of the largest newspapers in Norway, VG and Dagbladet. After by:Larm, Askil and his band have been busy.

They have given a lot of concerts, such as performances at norwegian musicfestivals Norwegian Wood and the Quart Festival, where they have been received with welcoming arms by both critics and crowd. VG and Dagbladet awarded his Norwegian Wood-performance with a golden five out of six, whilst Aftenposten, another large actor within norwegian newspapers, felt the concert scored a 6 out of 6 possible, which might provide a hint on the energy Askil and his band pour out on stage.

June 2002 Askil Holm signed a contract with Universal Music AS, Norway and released his first album "Daydream Receiver" which you can download from ITunes.

De Nye Gitarkameratene (The New Guitarfriends) are a touring liveband consisting of well-known Norwegian artists; Espen Lind - known for his former big breakthrough in the pop business, Kurt Nilsen - the first Norwegian Idol as well as the only World Idol winner, Askil Holm - a more unkown addition to the band, but has won a prestigous By:Larm price and released many singles after, and last Alejandro Fuentes - Placed third at Norwegian Idol 2005 but still he has had a much bigger breakthrough and popularity than the two finalists with top singles in Norway. They're especially known for their version of "Hallelujah" which they first played at a Norwegian talk show early in 2006. They have released an album of their live performances called "Hallelujah - Live!".