--> NIGHTJAR PRESENTS <--


Kill Bill: Vol. 1 Japanese Cut (2003)

Release Info 

Runtime.....: 113 
Genre.......: Action/Crime/Thriller 
Image.......: .iso 
 
[x] Widescreen (16:9) 
[x] English DTS 
[x] English DD 5.1
[x] NTSC
[x] Menus

Subtitles 

[x] English

As almost everyone must know by now, the version of Kill Bill Vol. 1 released in Japan is slightly 

different from the one released in the West. Most famously, part of the fight in the House of Blue Leaves 

goes into black and white in Western prints (in order to circumvent the MPAA?s phobia of excessive amounts 

of red blood). While Tarantino has, on several occasions, claimed that the Japanese version, which 

features the House of Blue Leaves sequence in full colour as well as various other shots that were deleted 

or altered to avoid an NC-17 rating in the Western prints, is not a ?director?s cut? but simply an 

alternative version, this would seem to contradict his repeated marketing of the film in Japan as 

?full-strength Kill Bill?. Here is a complete list of the differences between the Western and Japanese 

versions (stolen shamelessly from IMDB):

- The opening scene between The Bride and Vernita Green has two alternate angles shown when The Bride asks 

for a towel instead of keeping the overhead shot. 
- In the anime sequence, one of Boss Matsumoto\'s men has his face smashed into a wall twice, rather then 

just once. 
- In the anime sequence, when O-Ren Ishii kills Matsumoto and tells him to look at her face, she asks him 

to look at more facial features (nose, chin. etc.) to be recognized, and then before pulling the knife 

out, there is a close up shot of her moving the knife up his stomach and then finally pulling it out. 

There are a couple of close up shots of Matsumoto\'s face as he\'s dying as well that were eliminated from 

the US print and then a pan up shot of Matsumoto\'s blood covered and disemboweled body. 
- The \"House of Blue Leaves\" fight is not only in full color, but features about 9 new shots missing from 

the US print which include:

- A close up of the first female Crazy 88 (Julie Manase) gargling blood after being pinned to a wodden 

pillar by a sword. This shot, while cut from the US version of Vol 1, showed up in the end credits of the 

US cut of Vol 2. 
- A shot of The Bride stabbing two Crazy 88s at once using her own sword as well as another Crazy 88\'s 

sword. 
- A ten foot high super backflip that The Bride executes before landing back down to pop out one of the 

Crazy 88\'s eyes. This shot appeared in the TV spot teaser, but disappeared soon after. 
- The Bride jabbing a Crazy 88 in the throat with her \"snake fist\", and the partially armless Sofie Fatale 

giving a disgusted reaction. 
- A shot of another female Crazy 88 attacking only to get slashed in the throat and spraying blood 

everywhere. 
- The first appearance of the \"Kid Crazy 88\" (the one who gets spanked with the sword). In this shot, we 

now find out why he\'s missing a mask later on. As he\'s about to attack The Bride, she swipes his mask off. 

We see he\'s just a kid, and he gives the universal \"don\'t hurt me\" sign. The Bride has a look of shock on 

her face in realizing he\'s just a kid, so she grabs him, throws him across, knocking 3-4 Crazy 88 into a 

blood filled mini pool. This shot of the 3-4 falling, while cut from the US version of Vol 1, also showed 

up in the end credits of the US cut of Vol 2. Overall, this \"mini scene\" helps establish The Bride\'s look 

of surprise even more when she sees the young Crazy 88 the last time... and his follow up \"don\'t hurt me\" 

look even funnier. 
- A shot of a Crazy 88 getting slashed across the chest and spraying blood all over a wall. 
- When The Bride jumps onto the shoulders of one of the Crazy 88, after she slashes another one across the 

face, the Crazy 88 she\'s standing on tries to attack her from below. She parries the attack and cuts his 

hands off. The shot then cuts to the forward sommersault. 
- Since the fight is already in color, the close up \"eye shot\" of The Bride blinking is cut. Instead, the 

first part of the close up before she blinks is shown, however, at the point when she normally blinks, 

there is a replacement medium shot of her standing slightly fatigued and holding her sword out.

- Finally, after the \"House of Blue Leaves\" fight, is the most infamous of the missing scenes and that is 

Sofie Fatale\'s extended \"trunk interrogation\" scene. After The Bride warns Sofie about cutting off 

something, instead of cutting back to Sofie in the hospital, The Bride is shown grabbing Sofie\'s arm and 

screams \"GIVE ME YOUR OTHER ARM!\". Sofie starts to panic, but then The Bride chops off her other arm, 

causing blood to splash onto the screen and Sofie begins screaming again.

Also, the Japanese cut replaces the ?Old Klingon Proverb? at the beginning of the film with a dedication 

to filmmaker Kinji Fukasaku.


Cast Of Characters :
Uma Thurman ....The Bride 
Lucy Liu ....O-Ren Ishii 
Vivica A. Fox ....Vernita Green 
Daryl Hannah ....Elle Driver 
David Carradine ....Bill 
Michael Madsen ....Budd 
Julie Dreyfus ....Sofie Fatale 
Chiaki Kuriyama ....Go Go Yubari 
Sonny Chiba ....Hattori Hanzo 
Chia Hui Liu ....Johnny Mo (as Gordon Liu) 
Michael Parks ....Sheriff Earl McGraw 
Michael Bowen ....Buck 
Jun Kunimura ....Boss Tanaka 
Kenji Ohba ....Sushi Bar Assistant 
Kenji Ora ....Bald Guy (Sushi Shop)