Chuck Schuldiner - Zero Tolerance albums
2004 Dont Buy This !!! DOWNLOAD IT!!!(read below to find out why)




Holland's Karmageddon Media (formerly Hammerheart Records) has set "Zero Tolerance" as the title of the upcoming collection of unfinished recordings made by late DEATH/CONTROL DENIED frontman Chuck Schuldiner, due in Europe on March 22 2004.

As previously reported, Chuck, who passed away in December 2001 after a battle with pontine glioma, a rare type of brain tumor, began work on the sophomore CONTROL DENIED album (under the working title "When Machine and Man Collide") but never managed to complete the effort before his health quickly deteriorated in the months leading up to his tragic death. The remaining members of the group — bassist Steve DiGiorgio, vocalist Tim Aymar, guitarist Shannon Hamm, and drummer Richard Christy — subsequently announced their desire to complete the CD and release it in Chuck's memory, but legal hassles between Schuldiner's family and Hammerheart Records (to whom Chuck was signed at the time of his death) put the entire project on hold. Schuldiner's mother Jane has issued several statements over the course of the last few months denouncing the label's plans to release the incomplete recordings without the family's consent, going so far as to threaten to make any recordings released by Karmageddon available as a free download on Chuck's official web site, EmptyWords.org. FROM BLABBERMOUTH


 @ 160

Track 1 - Control Denied demo
Track 2 - Control Denied demo
Track 3 - Control Denied demo
Track 4 - Control Denied demo
Infernal Death
Baptized in Blood
Archangel
Land of No Return
Zombie Ritual
Mutilation




CHUCK SCHULDINER: 'Zero Tolerance II' To Include Early Demo Material, Live Recording - Aug. 9, 2004

Holland's Karmageddon Media (formerly Hammerheart Records) has announced plans to issue another collection of early demo recordings by late DEATH/CONTROL DENIED mastermind Chuck Schuldiner. Entitled "Zero Tolerance II", the CD will reported contain DEATH's first demo, "Death by Metal" (recorded in 1984 under the group's original name, MANTAS) and the follow-up recording, "Reign of Terror", also recorded in 1984. As a bonus, the collection will feature a DEATH live show recorded at the After Dark club in Texas during the "Spiritual Healing" tour in 1990, "with a lot of real and cool things happening during the show," according to a statement from Karmageddon. "And so far there is no cool live recording available from those early days…"

@ VBR

Legion of Doom
Evil Dead
Beyond the Unholy Grave
Power of Darkness
Death by Metal
Corpse Grinder
Summon to Die
Zombie
Witch of Hell
Reign of Terror
Slaughterhouse
Living Monstrosity (live)
Pull the Plug (live)
Zombie Ritual (live)
Altering the Future (live)
Left to Die (live)
Spiritual Healing (live)
Defensive Personalities (live)
Mutilation (live)

