The Blueprints are a blues band based out of Prince Edward Island, Canada. The band was formed in 1998 and have become an island blues institution. They won the 2007 Music PEI Jazz & Blues Recording of the Year Award and were also nominated for PEI Music Awards in 2002, 2003, 2004. They were nominated for a 2007 East Coast Music Award for Blues Recording of the Year. They have performed at the 2003 PEI Music Awards Association Gala Awards Evening at the Jubilee Theatre in Summerside, The Music PEI Gala Awards post party in 2006, and at the Millennium Celebration at the Confederation Center for the Arts. 

They have shared the stage with many great blues acts including: Big Dave MacLean, Doc MacLean, Garret Mason, Joe Murphy and the Water Street Blues Band, Eileen Joyce, The Rattlesnakin' Daddies, Theresa Mallefant ,Charlie A'Court, Matt Anderson, JP LaBlanc, Ross Neilson, Mark Haines, Saddle River, and Scott Parsons 

They had the great pleasure of performing mainstage at the 2007 Dutch Mason Blues Festival in Truro, Nova Scotia where they opened for blues legends Buddy Guy and James Cotton. They played at the 1st and 3rd annual PEI Jazz and Blues festival in 2005 & 2007 where they shared the main stage with the Downchild Blues Band and Morgan Davis, the 2007 Blues & BBQ Festival in Shediac, New Brunswick, and at the East Coast Music Awards during the "Breakfast with the Blues" portion of the show in 2006 along with showcases during the East Coast Music Awards Weekend in 2007 at the Mercury Club, The French Quarter and Hell's Kitchen in Halifax, Nova Scotia.

The current members are Mike Robicheau on guitar and vocals , Roger (Rog Mahal) Greaves on drums and vocals, and Chris Roumbanis on bass and vocals.

The band is into electric blues. They play their interpretations of many artists old and new including: Otis Rush, Eric Clapton, BB King, Leiber and Stroller, Buddy Guy, T Birds, Howling Wolf, SRV, Robben Ford, etc.... along with a few of their own tunes.

Their Music PEI Award winning and ECMA nominated debut recording project "Blues With A Feeling" is now available at www.sandbarmusic.com... 
