Track Listing
1. Hungry Wolf, The
2. Motel Room In My Bed
3. Riding With Mary
4. Come Back To Me
5. Under The Big Black Sun
6. Because I Do
7. Blue Spark
8. Dancing With Tears In My Eyes
9. Real Child Of Hell
10. How I (Learned My Lesson)
11. Have Nots, The
12. Riding With Mary - (single version)
13. X Rewrites "El Paso" - (previously unreleased, rehearsal)
14. Because I Do - (TV mix, previously unreleased, TRUE instrumental)
15. Universal Corner - (live)
16. Breathless - (single mix)
17. How I (Learned My Lesson) - (previously unreleased, live)

Details 
Producer: Ray Manzarek 
Distributor: WEA 
Recording Type: Mixed 
Recording Mode: Stereo 
SPAR Code: AAD 

Album Notes
X: John Doe (vocals, bass); Exene Cervenka (vocals); Billy Zoom (guitar); D.J. Bonebrake (drums).
All tracks have been digitally remastered.
Like the band's first two albums, UNDER A BIG BLACK SUN was produced by Ray Manzarek. Mazarek was an appropriate choice and the sound he created, very near that of that of his former band, The Doors, served the band well, as evidenced by "Come Back To Me," which occupies a sonic world that is at once fresh and familiar. Where X's first two albums, LOS ANGELES and WILD GIFT, can be seen as a pair (both rife with the cocky exuberance that was a hallmark of the L.A. punk scene that launched them), so too can albums number three and four (MORE FUN IN THE NEW WORLD) be appreciated in tandem.
The already strong songwriting was blossoming, stretching the bounds of what was considered possible in the genre. "The Hungry Wolf" and "The Have Nots" show the breadth of the band's knowledge of musical tradition, a tradition they are at once upsetting and continuing. "Blue Spark" is yet another display of Billy Zoom's monolithic approach to the guitar. X even takes a successful turn on the old chestnut, "Dancing With Tears With My Eyes," bringing the heart that is always at the center of this band to the fore.

Industry Reviews
...The sound of punk rock growing up - and aging gracefully...
Alternative Press (01/01/2002)

...Showcases the band's impressive greadth while acknowledging their unfashionable influneces - Chuck Berry, Bo Diddley, Eddie Cochran...
No Depression (11/01/2001)

...The band's great last album... - Rating: B+
Entertainment Weekly (09/28/2001)

4 out of 5 stars - ...This is where it all peaked....Melodies were fleshed out, previously suggested country inflections burst forth and incidents such as the hit-and-run death of singer Cervenka's sister sharpened their resolve...
Q (11/01/2001)
