vinyl rips from one source on the NINternet, from last year i think. not ripped by me, so i don't have the source info (which turntable, etc.).
(Left)
A1
01. Somewhat Damaged
02. The Day the World Went Away (Extended intro)
03. The Frail
04. The Wretched (Alt ending)
A2
05. We're in This Together (Alt intro - same as on CD single)
06. The Fragile
07. Just Like You Imagined
08. Even Deeper (Extended middle section)
B1
09. Pilgrimage (Alt intro)
10. No, You Don't
11. La Mer (Extended intro)
12. The Great Below
(Right)
B2
01. The Way Out is Through
02. Into the Void
03. Where is Everybody?
04. The Mark Has Been Made (Alt ending)
C1
05. 10 Miles High
06. Please
07. Starfuckers, Inc.
08. Complication
09. The New Flesh
C2
10. I'm Looking Forward to Joining You, Finally (Alt intro)
11. The Big Come Down
12. Underneath It All
13. Ripe (without decay)

i burnt these to CD, so this is a CD rip of the vinyl rip. to verify your files, i have included fingerprint files for both discs. the original torrent also included a very fine rip of Please (+Appendage) from the cassette version, so i have included that rip of Appendage as well. it has no fingerprint file.

i also included cleaned up versions of the files of interest. i cleaned them up myself using Soundtrack Pro. these were maintained as Apple Lossless files on my iPod, so these are not cd rips, and thus have no fingerprint:

Appendage (denoised a bit, amplified to match the CD volume)
Even Deeper (the cd version + amplified extended middle from vinyl + cd end + cleaned up vinyl outro - no Pilgrimage fade in)
ILFTJY,F (vinyl intro + cd version of rest)
Pilgrimage (vinyl intro + cd version of rest)
Ripe (cleaned up)
The Day the World Went Away (cd single drone intro + vinyl extended guitar intro + cd version of rest)
The Frail & The Wretched (cd version of the Frail with a slightly extended ambient intro using the distant sounds from the end of TDTWWA cd version + cd version of the Wretched + vinyl Wretched extended outro)

by request.
