 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_Crisis

Infinite Crisis
From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Jump to: navigation, search
Infinite Crisis


Cover to Infinite Crisis #1.
Art by George Pérez
Publisher 	DC Comics
Format 	limited series
Publication dates 	2005-2006
Number of issues 	7
Main character(s) 	DC Universe
Creative team
Writer(s) 	Geoff Johns
Penciller(s) 	Phil Jimenez, Jerry Ordway, George Pérez, Ivan Reis
Inker(s) 	Andy Lanning
Colorist(s) 	Jeremy Cox, Guy Major
Creator(s) 	Geoff Johns, Phil Jimenez

Infinite Crisis was a seven-issue limited series of comic books published by DC Comics, beginning in October of 2005. It was written by Geoff Johns and illustrated by Phil Jimenez, George Pérez, Ivan Reis, and Jerry Ordway. Each issue was released with two variant covers: one by Pérez, and one by Jim Lee and Sandra Hope.

The series storyline was a sequel to DC's 1985 limited series Crisis on Infinite Earths. It revisited characters and concepts from that earlier Crisis, including the existence of DC's Multiverse. Some of the characters featured were alternate versions of comic icons such as an alternate Superman named Kal-L, who came from a place called Earth-Two. A major theme was the nature of heroism, contrasting the often dark and conflicted modern-day heroes with memories of "lighter" and ostensibly more noble and collegial heroes of American comic books' earlier days.

The story's plot was initiated when the superheroine Donna Troy died in 2003's Teen Titans/Young Justice crossover, Graduation Day. A 2004 limited series Identity Crisis also retroactively labeled[citation needed] it as a tie-in. DC officially began leading up to the new Crisis with a one-shot issue Countdown to Infinite Crisis, followed by four six-issue limited series that tied into and culminated in Infinite Crisis.

Once the Crisis was completed, DC used the One Year Later event to move the narratives of most of its DC Universe series forward by one year. The weekly series 52 began publication in May 2006, and depicts some of the events which occurred between Infinite Crisis and One Year Later.

------------------------

Please read wiki link for more info, or just download. And please seed. :)