This DVD is 4 hours long. The purpose of this Leerburg training DVD is teach you the art of dog training. 

It's our goal to show you that dog training is not rocket science it's 100% common sense. There are no "Tricks or Secrets of the Trade." Dog training is is an art that you can learn if your willing to put your mind to it. 

The best dog trainers know how to build a bond based on two way respect between the dog and the handler. These trainers know how to motivate a dog to want to learn. They understand how and when to apply distractions during training so they can show the dog that it must mind under all circumstances. 

Our DVD will show you how to approach dog training. It will teach you how to break a task into small incremental training steps (or building blocks). Once the dogs has learned each of these small blocks we show how to put them back together again so the dog can easily perform the exercises. 

I have been training dogs for over 45 years. In 1982 I released my first Obedience training VHS tape (a long time ago). Over the years I have redone this video 6 or 7 times. I continued to add information and refined our program to the point where it is the best dog training DVD on the market. The latest version was released in August 2006.

If I were you and I were considering spending many hours of time following the training recommendations of someone like myself I would want to fully understand that persons philosophy of dog training. I suggest that you take a minute right now and read the article I wrote on my philosophy on dog training.

There is an old saying, "Dogs know what you know and they know what you don't know." My dog training program and this web site can be your first step in the journey of showing your dog what you know.

This DVD is organized into chapters, just like a book. The menu for our DVD allows you to watch the chapter you want when you want. This makes for a very simple review 

The information in this video is designed to be watched again and again and again. There is more information here than you would get in any local 10 week obedience class. 

Introduction:

Goals of this DVD on Dog Training 

Terminology 

Rules of Dog Learning 

Schedule for Your Dog Training 

Training Equipment: 

Dog Training Collars


Dog Training Leashes

Training Sections:

An Introduction to Marker Training and Motivation 

Learning how and when to Praise your dog 


Training Your Dog to SIT


Training Your Dog the DOWN 


Training Your Dog the RECALL or COME


Training Your Dog the STAND


Walking Your Dog on a Leash


The theory of Corrections 
What our DVD will teach you: 

1- How to train your own dog in your own home. 

2 - How obedience training can develop a fun relationship with your dog. 

3- How to get control over your dog and make him respect your commands 

4- Good information leads to improved confidence in working with your dog. You learn the tools to overcome training concerns. 

5- You will learn to problem solve. No one can anticipate EVERY problem EVERY dog owner will have. You will learn how to approach a problem and come up with a workable solution. 

6- What to expect from your dog and what to do when the dog does the unexpected. 

7- How to develop your timing to reward and praise - good timing is critical to successful dog training. 

8- You will learn when to correct your dog, how to correct your dog and most importantly when NOT TO CORRECT YOUR DOG. 

9 - You will learn how to approach and organize a training session so you and the dog get the most out of your training time.


While every new dog trainer needs to learn how to correct his dog, every great dog trainer needs to learn how to properly â??praiseâ?? his dog. Praising a dog is not something that comes naturally to a lot of people, especially men. Itâ??s actually an important learned exercise for people. 

If you watch a very good dog trainer, he praises his dog at a very personal level. In a training program, â??praiseâ?? is used to bond with a dog; itâ??s used to remove the stress of corrections and itâ??s used to build drive. 

Dog training should be fun for both you and your dog. This is accomplished by learning to properly â??praise." After watching our section on praising, you will not only understand correct praise, you will see what happens when you donâ??t praise enough, or just as importantly what happens when you praise too much, (we call this â??praise to the level of distraction.â??)

