Movie.........: Råzone (2006)

DVD9

Audio.........: Danish 5.1 / Danish 5.1 DTS
Video.........: Untouched / 1.85:1 Anamorphic Widescreen
Menu..........: Untouched 
Extras........: Untouched
Subtitles.....: English / Danish

Source........: Retail DVD
Running Time..: Aprox: 1Hrs 32mins.
IMDB Link.....: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0466500/
IMDB Rating...: 7.5/10 (162 votes)

Plot:
Christina is living in a suburb to Copenhagen. With her class mates Cecilie, Trine and Pernille, a tight-knit gang of girlfriends, she slacks her schoolwork, living mostly for the weekends of gate crashing, getting drunk, experimenting with drugs and scoring guys. But her world is turned upside down when Cecilie's boyfriend Shaid starts hitting on her, and Cecilie mistakenly believes the two of them are making out. Cecilie takes offense at Christina and the other girls turn furious. Suddenly Christina is on the receiving end of the girls' wrath, being bullied. Quickly things are getting out of hand and suddenly everything is too late! 


Other Info:
Covers can be found at http://cdcovers.cc/

Burn on a DL-DVD or use your favorite DVD shrink program.

----------

Average upload speed aprox. 100-120 kB/s


IMPORTANT:
I will monitor the average upload speed from the peers downloading this torrent, and if the upload rate seems to be unrealisticly low, I will stop the upload without notice for a period of time. When a decent number of peers again is around the uploaded %, I will continue the upload.

If you find this unacceptable, just dont download this torrent. Im sure there are other releases around.


Im doing this as I am tired of leechers making 'hit'and'run' causing me to have to upload twice the amount of data that shoud be nessasary to make the torrent going!

(Wont help complaning about it! Remember! I'm doing this for YOU - and I don't have to!)


And now, it dont have to be all negative, I would like to thank all those ppl that understand and follows the unwritten
rules of p2p.


The more YOU open your upload, the more you help me seeding the right pieces, and the faster it completes.



Enjoy!