* The 5-Minute Veterinary Consult: Canine and Feline (5mvetcf)

Larry P Tilley, Francis W Smith (Blackwell Publishing) 

Authoritative answers to all your questions about clinical problems frequently
encountered in practice.  

This quick reference is an important resource you can use every day for timely,
authoritative answers to all your questions about clinical problems frequently
encountered in practice.

It includes over 700 specific conditions and contributions from over 300
leading authorities in the field. Get instant access to the drug formulary
through helpful links, and a variety of search options - alphabetical, subject,
dog, cat. New to the Third Edition: a library of more than 700 diagnostic and
clinical images and a behavior section with valuable therapeutic and drug
information. 


* Handbook of Veterinary Drugs (vetdrugs)

Dana G Allen, Patricia M Dowling, Dale A Smith, Kirby Pasloske, Paul Woods
(Blackwell Publishing) 

Providing instant access to updated information on drug therapies for most
animals.  

The newly updated Third Edition of the popular Handbook of Veterinary Drugs is
now available for PDAs, providing instant access to information on drug
therapies for dogs, cats, horses, ruminant species, pigs, birds, rodents,
rabbits, ferrets, and reptiles. Entries on over 1,000 drugs include
indications, formulations, interactions, common side effects, and adverse
effects. Dosages for each species are included. 


* The 5-Minute Veterinary Consult - Equine (5mveteq)

Christopher M Brown, Joseph J Bertone (Blackwell Publishing) 

Provides concise, practical, up-to-date information on almost all diseases and
clinical problems in equine medicine.

This book provides concise, practical, up-to-date information on almost all
diseases and clinical problems in equine medicine. Emphasis is placed on
definition, pathophysiology, diagnosis/treatment of problems, and diseases
likely to be encountered by equine practitioners.

This reference covers three major areas: Problems & Physical Findings,
Diagnostic & Laboratory Findings, and Diseases & Clinical Syndromes. Features
include: coverage of more than 500 diseases and conditions; organization by
body system; information on clinical pathology and laboratory medicine for each
disease; and complex diseases covered in a quick-reference format. 


* Parasitology: Diagnosis And Treatment Of Common Parasitisms In Dogs And Cats
 (parasitesdc)

Dwight D Bowman, Elizabeth A Fogarty, Stephen Charles Barr (Teton New Media) 

A concise, easy to use and accurate means of diagnosing commonly seen parasites
of dogs and cats.  

The reference is can be used by both the technician and the practitioner in the
clinic as a concise, easy to use and accurate means of diagnosing commonly seen
parasites of dogs and cats, and to decide on an appropriate treatment protocol.
The parasites selected will be those normally occurring in fecal or blood
specimens found in North America. Identification will be made on the basis of
shape, size and color.

As the user moves through the diagnostic, key options will appear which suggest
how to proceed toward a diagnosis. When a final diagnosis is made there will be
a brief description of clinical signs, infectious stages, organisms with
similar characteristics, zoonoses, suggested treatment options, drugs and drug
dosages. The reference is indexed by organism and by drugs. 