Limit Texas Hold'em Poker is an easy to learn poker game.
All you need is between two to 10 players, a dealer and a deck of 52 to start playing. 

Goal: Each player seeks to win the pot by having the best 5 Card Poker Hand.

Game Preparation: 
In front of one of the players is a button with a "D" on it. This is called the dealer button. The dealer button moves one position to the left before each game round. It is used to determine the betting order in every hand. 
Blinds: Before the cards are dealt, two players must bet the Small & Big Blind Bets to build the pot. The player sitting left of the Dealer Button, bets the Small Blind Bet (SB). Then, the player to his/her left must double the Small Blind Bet. This is called the Big Blind Bet (BB). 
Then the Dealer deals the Pocket cards - two cards faced down - to every player.


 


1st Betting Round â?? The individual seated left of the player who bet the Big Blind opens the round and continues clockwise. Every player can fold, call or raise the Big Blind Bet.


The Dealer draws the Flop Cards - three cards face up placed at the center of the table. The Flop cards are "community" cards that the players can use to make up their 5 card poker hand.

 


2nd Betting Round - This round is carried out exactly as the first, only the betting starts from the player seated to the left of the Dealer Button.


3rd Betting Round â?? The Dealer deals the Turn Card â?? the fourth community card. This round is carried out as the previous round â?? in the same betting order.


4th & Last Betting Round - The Dealer deals the 5th community card â?? the River Card â?? and the final betting round begins just as the previous rounds.


Showdown â?? After the last betting round, the players unfolds their cards. Each player must make the best 5 card combination using the community cards and/or his Pocket Cards. Please note, to make the best 5 Card Poker Hand, the player may use one, two or none of his Pocket Cards.


The player with the best hand collects the pot... And the Dealer Button moves to the left to another player and a new game begins. 