Cybersitter 9.7.1.2 (new version)


Comparte
Idioma: Ingles
Formato: Exe



In the news - More than 29,000 registered sex offenders were kicked off MySpace. Read about it here. These are just the ones they can identify because they used their real names. What about the ones that use phony identities? What about the ones that have never been caught? There are likely hundreds of thousands more on MySpace alone.

Do you have any idea what your children or grandchildren are doing while they are using the Internet?

Who are they chatting with? What web sites are they visiting?

Families today need more than plain common sense and supervision to keep their kids safe on the Internet. They need the help of experienced professionals who are constantly keeping abreast of on-line dangers your children may face. This is what we have been doing since 1995.

CYBERsitter 9.0 is designed primarily for home, educational and small business use. Even though CYBERsitter has been designed to be easily installed and used by even the most inexperienced users, there are plenty of advanced features for power users too.



Major Features

Block access to undesirable web sites. Over 30 filter categories are provided.
Record and view all web sites visited.
Record both sides of chat conversations from AOL Instant Messenger (AIM, and AIM Triton), Yahoo Messenger, and MSN Messenger
New Social Networking category provides blocking of popular but potentially dangerous services such as MySpace and FaceBook.
Filters for selected categories update themselves automatically in the background.
Set time restrictions for internet usage.
Sends reports to parents by email.
Simple to install. Takes less than one minute.
Stealthy - cannot be detected or disabled by unauthorized users.



CYBERsitter allows parents to override blocked sites, add their own sites to block, and maintains a detailed log of all Internet activity and violations. It will even send a daily report to parents by e-mail.

CYBERsitter is a 5 time winner of PC Magazines Editors Choice award and has been published continuously by the same company since 1995. You can count on CYBERsitter now, and for many years to come.

 

System Requirements
CYBERsitter will work with any system running Windows 98/Me/NT/2000/XP. It is compatible with all Internet Service Providers, cable, DSL, dialup and wireless networks. It works with Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Netscape, AOL, and all other major Internet enabled programs.

CYBERsitter only requires about 3MB free disk space. It will not cause any speed degradation on your computer.
