Putumayo Records Presents:
World Lounge  2002
The ultimate chill-out soundtrack for a global cocktail party. 
Rip 192kbs
Covers Included

Putumayo is pleased to present World Lounge, a laid-back collection of downtempo electronica and chill-out music with global flavors. Featuring the latest fusions of electronica and DJ culture with world music, World Lounge provides the perfect soundscape for a laid-back ambiance. 
The modern masters of so-called downtempo music are boundless globetrotters, incorporating equal amounts of the exotic and the mundane. European DJs collectives like Gotan Project and Mo' Horizons freely sample South American sounds to create unexpected new creations. Indian sitars, which still conjure up mental images of late-sixties psychedelic rock, are used effectively by Italian producer Nicola Conte and German DJ project Jasmon to create music that is both provocative and reverent. Enigmatic Middle Eastern melodies provide a magical backdrop to the music of Hamid Baroudi, Blue Asia, and Dissidenten. Groups like Arling & Cameron, Pink Martini, Mau Mau, and Montefiori Cocktail reveal that the line between cool and kitsch is as fine as a hair from Tony Bennett's toupee.
The music on World Lounge was selected and sequenced to serve as an aural backdrop for a contemporary lounging session. Whether curling up on a shag rug in front of the fireplace at home, or ordering manhattans with a group of friends at a local bar, we hope the music on World Lounge will help create an entrancing and invigorating mood, while introducing you to some of the most interesting artists on the global scene. 

Tracklist:
Jasmon - Dimdanana 
Nicola Conte - Missione A Bombay 
Gotan Project - Santa Maria 
Mo' Horizons - Foto Viva 
Mau Mau - Venus Nabalera 
Blue Asia - Abyssinean Dub 
.Arling & Cameron - Shiva's Daughters 
Montefiori Cocktail - Agua De Beber 
Dissidenten - Instinctive Traveler 
Hamid Baroudi - Trance Dance 
Pink Martini - Sympathique 



This is one of the many Putumayo┬┤s records I have in mind to upload, so please help keep seeding after you downloaded.
Enjoy It!
Ulysses56


For more info: http://www.putumayo.com/