Magical Healing Mantras 
Namaste
Label New Earth Records 
Orig Year 2000
Street Date Nov 14, 2000
Ripped HQ VBR
 
Namaste includes: Sangeet (vocals, guitar, sitar, tarang); Gopal (vocals, guitar, sitar); Chaitanya (vocals, guitar); Parijat (guitar); Bhola (flute); Shantam (bansuri); Martina F. Singh (tablas). Recorded at Dawn Music Studios, Cologne, Germany. Namaste is an international musical collective featuring 25 performers, all followers of the late guru Osho, who play instruments such as sitar, flute, guitar, and tablas. Here they perform traditional Hindu mantras set to folk melodies, with sweet choral vocals and quiet acoustic arrangements that sustain an atmosphere of gentle healing. The seven chants here include the beloved Gyatri mantra, delivered as a slow, medieval-sounding round 


Twenty-five musicians united from around the world, use their voices, guitars, flutes, sitars, tablas and a tarang, to create this memorable East West musical fusion that is both exotic and familiar. The healing and transformational powers of these seven sanskrit mantras are unconditional and available to all who listen. This CD features the Gayatri Mantra.


Track List: 
1. Shiva Shambho 
2. Govindam 
3. Jay Shree Krishna 
4. Aum Shree Ram 
5. Jaya Shiva Shankara 
6. Govinda Jaya Jaya 
7. Gayatri Mantra 
Total Time: 01.01.00

Reviews 

Namaste is a group of 25 musicians from around the world to come together to create a collection of mantras dedicated to the vision of Indian spiritual teacher Osho, who taught philosophy in his homeland before coming to the west to give instruction in meditation and other transformational practices. The result is Magical Healing Mantras, a soothing and nourishing album of Indian devotional chants.
Like a soft rain at the window, the gentle but steady rhythms of mantras' seven tracks lull their listener into a sweet state of tranquillity. The group weaves the sounds of guitar, sitar, flute and table (Indian kettle drums) to form a swirling, multi-textured backdrop for their soul-caressing vocals. The songs calm the mind with honey-flavored tones and hypnotic repetition.
The subtle chirping of crickets heard throughout "Govindam" gives one the feeling of being on a Nepalese hillside under a bright summer moon. The slightly up-tempo "Jay Shree Krishna" and "Govinda Jaya Jaya" raise the energy level just enough to keep the listener in a state of peaceful alertness. By the CD's conclusion, the music has cast a spell of serenity that lasts long after the last note has ceases ringing.
The members of Namaste, who hail from France, Chile, Germany, and Japan, among other countries, have combined their diverse backgrounds and talents to birth a work of beauty and integrity. Massage practitioners and recipients who wish to avoid religious overtones may want to look elsewhere, but those with a taste for the spiritual are encouraged to light a candle and set forth on this cultured album's healing journey.
The power of a mantra to heal and liberate lies in it's vibration in the body. They are most effective when sung, especially in a group. There are some general techniques that facilitate the practice of using mantras: Take a few deep breaths and dispel any negativity that might interfere with focusing. Find or create a sacred place to chant. Experiment with different times of the day. Use candles or incense to enhance the ceremonial atmosphere. An ancient Hindu technique suggests repeating a mantra in 108 successions for 40 days to secure the mantras vibration in the body. if any if the days are missed it is important to start again at the beginning of the 40 day period.
Much has been written about the power of thought on action. A mantra is devotional and, therefore, inspired. Each mantra has a specific purpose to serve a higher ideal. If the intention serves this ideal and the universe, a profound and positive change can occur within the individual.
Magical, healing mantras by Namaste is a collection of mantra kirtans, which simply means mantras accompanied by music.
The power of a verbalized mantra is in it's vibration, which has a profound effect on the body. When a mantra is sung, as is intended, it becomes a chant. Chanting facilitates meditation because it opens the heart and quiets the mind. It is always devotional singing. The three most common kinds of chanting are: Kirtan, a repetitive call and response singing; bhajan, poems to god that are said to music and written by realized beings; and concert, which is like any other musical concert but the instruments are indian and the words are often in sanskrit.
New Earth Records Magical Healing Mantras by Namaste is a brilliant collection of seven mantras. Each mantra is recorded five to ten minutes in length. Twenty two vocalists accompany seven instrumental musicians. Guitars, flutes, sitars, tablas and a tarang are the instruments used to create a memorable Eastern and Western fusion sound that is, at once, exotic and familiar. The sound of the voices and the instrumental music flow together like the current of a river opening into the sea. The singers maintain a beautiful and sometimes haunting clarity while harmonizing seamlessly with the instrumental music. Though the lyrics are in sanskrit, the music cannot be defined or even characterized by any one culture. It is a true collaboration of individuals consciously choosing to unite as an eclectic group to serve a single intent.
The most important information to remember is that weather you choose to sing along or simply listen, the inherent healing power released by these mantras is unconditional and highly contagious.

Enjoy It!
Ulysses56