To understand this album, you have to understand the Beatles state at that point. They had already made artistic strives ("Rubber Soul" and "Revolver"), but it was hard to shake off their image of screaming girls and mindless pop music like "I Wanna Hold Your Hand". At this point, they didn't even want to be Beatles. This ultimately leads to the idea that they can take on this alter-ego of Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band and create music that is totally outside their musical spectrum. Neither before or after did the beatles create the music they do on Sgt. Pepper. Musically and conceptually, the songs on this album are very diverse. They range from the complex "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" using the synthesizer and a distorted vocal effect, and references to LSD, to the simple "She's Leaving Home", which uses a harp and violin, that creates the simple story of a daughter leaving because she's unhappy with her family. Another, retro- favorite, "When I'm Sixty-Four", shows that paul doesn't just want to get married but grow old with his wife. The real masterpiece of this album, however is "A Day in the Life". This unloads the pop star image in a big way. It shows that these guys can write a song filled with meaning. When the excitement of the Sgt. Pepper Reprise fades into the calm "A Day in the Life", the creativity and intelligence of these guys shines through. If you want an album that's extremely artistic, but fun and playful at the same time, get this.

The Beatles
Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (1967)
CD to mp3 @ 320 kbps + covers
Approx 91.6Mb

01 Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band        
02 With a Little Help from My Friends        
03 Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds        
04 Getting Better        
05 Fixing a Hole        
06 She's Leaving Home        
07 Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!        
08 Within You Without You        
09 When I'm Sixty-Four        
10 Lovely Rita        
11 Good Morning Good Morning        
12 Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band (Reprise)        
13 Day in the Life        
