Finns redan på TPB, men här är en RIKTIG version med riktiga image-filer och crack på skivan.

håll till godo.




Ett mörkt spel där du spelar en kille som heter Cyprien som har ett alterego, en Super Hjälte.
Cyprien ser mycket ut som Den Onda Dockan, men spelet är ändå välgjort. Dock är kontrollerna kanske inte de bästa men musiken och ljuden är dock mycket bra.
Det är bra känsla i spelet och det kan spelas flera gånger.
Då man möter folk man pratar med har de även ljudspår för just det så man hör alla prata

-------------------

Welcome to a twisted world. No, I'm not talking about the real world, but the game world that Evil Twin star, Cyprien, is in during the course of the game. It's dark, gloomy, and not very graphically pleasing. This is just one of the failures of what could have been potentially a great platforming game. Continuing on the subject of graphics, you'll realise how bad these are when you play another platforming game like Jak & Daxter. The animation is also a disappointment.

The games story involves a young orphan named Cyprien who gets sucked into his own nightmare imagination while he is depressed. You first come across a talking elephant named Gilbert who guides you through the game. The 'twin' that is referred to is the alter-ego of Cyprien, Super Cyprien. By collecting energy bonuses, you can morph into this heroic character who can throw fireballs and cast crackling bolts of lightning. Much more impressive than the standard catapult that normal Cyprien has.

The main gameplay features the same run-jump-climb-die-restart formula that every platforming game of yonder has - but its downfall is that it doesn't really add much to this. The same repetitive features occur throughout the game. The game may feature a rather impressive "76 levels", but the game can become boring and your wish to play it may decrease rapidly if you've not a platforming fan.

What makes this game all the more difficult is the completely awful camera angles. The camera can get stuck, and does not offer you the right position for jumping. Sometimes you may miss a platform because you simply cannot see it effectively.
All this leads to a disappointing game. Some people were quite looking forward to this, but it's become quite disastrous with some of the worst camera angles ever seen. The controls aren't too bad, and the game lasts a while, but the poor animation, and bity dark, glooming graphics really let the game down