Julius Caesar (1953) 
Brutus, Cassius, and other high-ranking Romans murder Caesar, because 
they believe his ambition will lead to tyranny. The people of Rome are on their side until Antony, 
Caesar's right-hand man, makes a moving speech. 
The conspirators are driven from Rome, and two armies are formed: one side following the conspirators; the other, Antony.
 Antony has the superior force, and surrounds Brutus and Cassius, but they kill themselves to avoid capture.
Joseph L. Mankiewicz         
 
Writing credits
William Shakespeare         (play)

Joseph L. Mankiewicz         uncredited

Cast (in credits order)verified as complete
    Marlon Brando    ....     Marc Antony
    James Mason    ....     Brutus
    John Gielgud    ....     Cassius
    Louis Calhern    ....     Julius Caesar
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0045943/

This is a rip from the Julius Caesar.Marlon.Brando.(1953).DVD9.PAL.no subs.FHR file. 
The AC3 stereo audio has been kept.
It is a vast improvement on the 1CD TVrip that is available. 

Do you love our presentations? We specialise in bringing you,
the people, classic and 
modern productions of the works of The Bard in all mediums.
From animations to Marlon Brando epics, we
strive to  allow audiences across the globe to have access to 
the wonder of great drama.



All that we ask is that you join us in remembering people like Harry Roberts.
 A UK prisoner who has been has been locked up for more than 40 years due to 
a crime he committed after returning as a young man from the horror of the battlefields of Malay.
 Currently he is not allowed to know why has not been given parole due to the use of
 measures that were supposedly 
 introduced to deal with terrorist suspects. 


 Harry Roberts has kept his dignity for the more than two thirds of his life he has been kept inside.
 
http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm200405/cmhansrd/vo050112/text/50112w08.htm  

"A ruling by the Court of Appeal means that Harry Roberts can be detained in
 prison until he dies on the basis of 'secret' evidence which will never be disclosed
 to him or his legal team. ...He likens his position to those prisoners held by the US
 Government in Guantanamo Bay and is shocked at the hypocrisy which allows the
 Government to protest about those procedures abroad whilst endorsing them in this country."  
 Messages of Support/Solidarity
 Harry Roberts 231191 HMP Channings Wood Denbury Newton Abbot Devon TQ12 6DW
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Harry_Maurice_Roberts










