These are some Japanese Books I've scanned.
---
Breaking into Japanese Literature: Seven Modern Classics in Parallel Text
Book Description
Reading great books in the original should be the culmination of language study, 
but reading Japanese literature unassisted is a daunting task that can defeat 
even the most able of students. Breaking into Japanese Literature is specially 
designed to help you bypass all the frustration and
actually enjoy classics of Japanese literature.

Breaking into Japanese Literature features seven graded stories covering a 
variety of genres: whether it's the spellbinding surrealism of Natsume Soseki's 
Ten Nights of Dreams, the humor of Akutagawa Ryunosuke's fable of temple life 
("The Nose"), or the excitement of his historic thrillers ("In a
Grove" and "Rashomon"), you are sure to find a story that appeals to you in this 
collection.

The unique layout-with the original Japanese story in large print, an easy-to-
follow English translation and a custom dictionary-was created for maximum 
clarity and ease of use. There's no need to spend time consulting reference 
books when everything you need to know is right there in front of your
nose.

To make Japanese literature fun, Breaking into Japanese Literature also has some 
unique extra features: mini-biographies to tell you about the authors' lives and 
works, individual story prefaces to alert you to related works of literature or 
film, and original illustrations to fire your imagination.
Best of all, MP3 sound files of all the stories have been made available for 
FREE on the Internet.

Breaking into Japanese Literature provides all the backup you need to break 
through to a new and undiscovered world-the world of great Japanese fiction. All 
the hard work has been taken care of so you can enjoy the pleasures of the mind. 
Why not take advantage?

Learn
o 50% of all common-use kanji covered
o Kanji entry numbers given for follow-up study
o Japanese + English translation + custom dictionary on the same page
o Every single kanji word explained

Listen
o Free download of sound files from the Net

Look
o 7 original atmospheric illustrations

Link
o Original stories for Kurosawa's Rashomon and Dreams

All the stories in this book are available on the Internet as MP3 sound files 
read by professional Japanese actors.

For students who want to consolidate their understanding of kanji, the entry 
numbers for any of the 2,230 characters in The Kodansha Kanji Learner's 
Dictionary have been provided when those characters feature in Breaking into 
Japanese Literature. This makes cross-referencing a matter of
seconds. 
---
Dirty Japanese: Everyday Slang from "What's Up?" to "F*ck Off!"
 Book Description
Invaluable for those traveling to Japan, this guide features useful sidebars 
featuring English expressions commonly used in Japan. Pronunciation guides, a 
reference dictionary, sample dialogues, and an offensiveness-rating system from 
"use at will" to "use at your own risk" also help readers learn to communicate 
effectively.
---
Japanese in MangaLand: Workbook 1
Book Description
As the popularity of manga in this country continues to soar, so does the desire 
of its fans to learn Japanese in order to appreciate it in its original 
language. The three volumes in the Japanese in MangaLand series combine the 
enjoyment of reading manga with an innovative and entertaining
approach to language instruction.
Now comes the Japanese in MangaLand Workbook 1, a perfect way for readers to 
practice and assimilate what they learned in the first volume. The Workbook 
offers more than 150 complementary activities, divided into six sections that 
enable students to practice writing hiragana, katakana and kanji, as
well as to optimize the vocabulary and grammar that were taught in the textbook 
itself. An exciting special feature-24 pages of a Rakujo manga created 
exclusively for this workbook-further enhances the learning experience.
---