I can't really think of anything too specific to say about "Back in Black". One day, I bought the album, listened to it and had one of the biggest musical joyrides I can recall! Critics may despise AC/DC, but that's no reason to neglect this album! In fact, this qualifies not only as being one of the biggest-selling rock albums of all time, but one of the greatest. That being said, "Back in Black" is probably the first album people will think about whenever AC/DC is mentioned, and while they have a great selection in their catalogue, this is, no doubt, their finest hour.
From the guitar crunch of the Young brothers, from Malcolm's rock-solid rhythm playing to Angus's legendary riffs, licks and solos, this no doubt qualifies as a great guitar album. Then comes in the rhythm section of Cliff Williams on bass and Phil Rudd on drums, and while Phil Rudd may not have the same chops as John Bonham, Phil still makes his drums sound larger than life, which makes for a great cornerstone of the AC/DC groove. And then...Brian Johnson. Who would have thought after such a great lead singer as Bon Scott passed away, Brian Johnson would be able to fill in his role, and fill it in greatly, as well. His voice may take some getting used to, but he definitely sounds best on this album.
In addition, the remastering is excellent. The volume is up and there's no static or unneccesary noise that ruins the sound. After all, there's nothing as disappointing as hearing a great song like it was recorded a mile away! Anyway, this album is just flat-out excellent for those who dig such a sound. Ten songs at a little over forty minutes, and a cross between a hard-rock crunch and an old-school groove for each song, AC/DC did just about everything they could right on this album.
As a summary, this album will make you forget your problems, imagine these guys on stage at night in a big, sold-out arena, playing these rockers loudly and proudly, and, of course, prove to be a testament of time and rock and roll. And remember, take no pressure from the critics. Be your own person! Rock out and feel good about it! And remember, "rock and roll ain't noise pollution...it just makes good, good sense!

ATCO RECORDS 1999. Lame mp3@320kbps.

Enjoy and please SEED!!

