(shamelessly taken from http://incolor.inebraska.com/stuart/lionmaru/fuun.htm)

Fuun Lion Maru (Storm Cloud Lion Maru) takes place in feudal Japan, the time of the samurai and ninja. Such programs were common in Japan at the same time as westerns were popular in the USA. 

The age of civil wars in Japan has come to an end. There should be peace, but the forces of darkness never rest. A new group has arisen which seeks to conquer and inslave. After the older brother of Dan, Shishimaru is murdered by the evil group Mantle, Dan, Shishimaru steals a rocket pack which gives him the power to \"Rocketto Lion Maru\" into Fuun (Storm Cloud) Lion Maru. (Although the same actor who played Shishimaru in Kaiketsu Lion Maru plays Dan, Shishimaru they are different characters.) 
  
After cutting the monsters Fuun Lion Maru rests his sword on his arm, then raises the sword to make a slicing motion in the air. As he brings the sword back down to his shoulder the monster explodes. Once the monster is dead Fuun Lion Maru reverts back to Dan, Shishimaru. 
  
Dan, Shishimaru is more of a loner than the other Shishimaru. Although he has friends he normally does not travel with them. His going on without them does place them in danger often, but of course he manages to show up just in time to help them. Dan, Shishimaru\'s friends Shinobu and Sankichi travel in a cart pulled by a single horse. When they have to fight off Mantle ninja the cart is armed with spears. 

The spirit of Kaiketsu Lion Maru makes a brief appearance in episode 9, to save Dan, Shishimaru\'s life. For the first half of the series Fuun Lion Maru has a rival, Black Jaguar (episodes 2-8, 10, 11). 

During the second half Tiger Jo, Jr. appears (episodes 11, 13-16, 21, 25) to help out Lion Maru. Tiger Jo, Jr looks and sounds like the original Tiger Jo but his henshin phrase is \"Tiger Junior\". Dan, Shishimaru has a sidekick (assistant) in episodes 17-20 , 22, 24. In these later episodes Fuun Lion Maru usually appears without his helmet. With his mane flowing free he looks more like a male line. 

Fuun Lion Maru battled the evil group Mantle.

***

Once upon a time, you may have browsed a certain auction site, and you would have seen someone selling \"Fuun Lion Maru\" DVD sets. Had you purchased one of these sets, you would have received a set of VCDs with two episodes per disc. The episodes were fairly well encoded, having been laserdisc rips recorded with an ugly Terrapin VCD recorder.

MPEG-1 video from Laserdisc, MP2 audio, Japanese language only, no subtitles. Complete series, VCD ready. Yes, I know the IMDB link is for the previous series.