A Yourdeadin release  ......
Wikipedia intro
Introducing Cpt.Haddock



----------
The ramblings of a drunken man and a scrap of paper from what appears to be a tin of crab-meat leads Tintin to the ship Karaboudjan, where he is captured by a syndicate of criminals who have been hiding opium in the crab tins. Escaping from his locked room, Tintin encounters Captain Haddock, who proves to be an alcoholic manipulated by his first mate, Allan, and is unaware of his crew\'s criminal activities. Escaping the ship in a rowing boat, they are attacked by a seaplane. They hijack the plane and tie up the crooks, but it crashes in the Sahara.

After trekking across the desert, Tintin and Haddock reach a Moroccan port - but the Captain is kidnapped. Tintin saves his newfound friend, but they both become drunk on the fumes from wine barrels breached in a shootout with the villains. Upon sobering up, Tintin discovers the necklace with the Crab with the Golden Claws on the now-subdued owner of the wine cellar, and realizes that he must be the leader of the drug cartel. After capturing Allan (who returns in a few other Tintin stories as a henchman of Rastapopoulos), the gang is soon put behind bars.

[edit] Background

The Crab with the Golden Claws is the ninth in the series. It was first published (in French) in 1941.

After King Ottokar\'s Sceptre, HergÃ?Â© had started work on Land of Black Gold which was published in Le Petit VingtiÃ?Â¨me and included a political sub-plot: Tintin in the Middle East during the British Mandate of Palestine, getting involved in the conflict between the Jews,the Arabs and British troops.

When Nazi Germany took over Belgium, HergÃ?Â© suspended Land of Black Gold in favour of a less controversial story dealing with drug smuggling. Other Tintin adventures during the World War II years dealt with scientific missions and treasure hunts.

Since publication of Le Petit VingtiÃ?Â¨me was stopped when the Germans invaded Belgium in 1940, HergÃ?Â© had to look for another means of publication. Crab with the Golden Claws was the first story that appeared in the newspaper Le Soir, which would continue publishing all new Adventures of Tintin until the liberation of Belgium in 1944.

HergÃ?Â© was asked by Le Soir to create a weekly supplement, similar to that of Le Petit VingtiÃ?Â¨me, which was called Le Soir Jeunesse. It appeared for the first time on October 17, 1940, with the start of this new story, and every week Herge published two full pages. But the supplement disappeared again after September 3, 1941, due to paper shortage during World War II, when only 98 pages had appeared. The publication of the story was interrupted until September 23 1941, when HergÃ?Â© and Tintin got a daily strip in Le Soir, where it continued for 24 days until the story was finished on October 18. This meant a major change in the method of working of HergÃ?Â©, with a daily instead of a weekly publication, and a rethinking of the layout of the comic and the rhythm of the storytelling
-------------------