The AccessData Forensic Toolkit® (FTKTM) offers law enforcement and corporate security professionals the ability to perform complete and thorough computer forensic examinations. The FTK features powerful file filtering and search functionality. FTK's customizable filters allow you to sort through thousands of files to quickly find the evidence you need. FTK is recognized as the leading forensic tool to perform e-mail analysis. 

EASY-To-USE

View over 270 different file formats with Stellent's Outside In Viewer Technology. 
FTK Explorer allows you to quickly navigate through acquired images. 
Generate audit logs and case reports. 
Compatible with the Password Recovery ToolkitTM and Distributed Network Attack®. 
Advanced Searching

 Full text indexing powered by dtSearch® yields instant text search results. 
Advance searches for JPEG images and Internet text. 
Locate binary patterns using Live Search. 
Automatically recover deleted files and partitions. 
Target key files quickly by creating custom file filters. 
Supported File & Acquisition Formats

File formats include: NTFS, NTFS compressed, FAT 12/16/32, and Linux ext2 & ext3. 
Image formats include: Encase, SMART, Snapback, Safeback (up to but not including v.3), and Linux DD. 
E-mail & Zip File Analysis

Supports: Outlook, Outlook Express, AOL, Netscape, Yahoo, Earthlink, Eudora, Hotmail, and MSN e-mail. 
View, search, print, and export e-mail messages and attachments. 
Recover deleted and partially deleted e-mail. 
Automatically extract data from PKZIP, WinZip, WinRAR, GZIP, and TAR compressed files. 
Known File FilterTM (KFFTM)

Identify and flag standard operating system and program files. 
Identify and flag known child pornography and other potential evidence files 
Includes hash datasets from NIST and Hashkeeper 
Coming soon! Create your own custom hash sets. 
Registry Viewer? 

Access and decrypt protected storage data 
View independent registry files 
Report generation 
Integrates with AccessData's forensic Tools 
