James Zabiela - The Perseverance EP 2007 [RENX053] [Progressive House]


There is no discogs entry for this release as yet...



 artist : James Zabiela
  title : Perseverance EP
  label : Renaissance (RENX053DIG)
  genre : Progressive House/Techhouse
   year : 2007
   date : 26-NOV-2007

Tracklisting:


    01 Perseverance (Original Mix)                                   [08:28]
    02 No Other Way But Down (Original Mix)                          [08:41]
    03 Human (Intro Version)                                         [08:49]
    04 Phaser Fire (Original Mix)                                    [08:15]


78.4MB

320KBps Digital Release.

The vinyl is due for release from Renaissance Recordings on 17 Dec 2007.



This release is simply an all out winner that I am deeply in love with.  Please see review below.



Enjoy and please seed.



themagicke


 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/themagicke
       
http://www.darksiderg.com/



The â??Perseveranceâ?? EP shows itâ??s only a matter of time until James achieves his dream of â??one day making an electronic LP with real songs on it and that test my abilities as a producer/song writer.â??

Coming off the back of a massive year, James Zabiela now goes one step further, showing how he has excelled as a producer, exploring new ground with heady soundscapes and heartfelt melodies on a brand new, 4-track E.P.

Perseverance â?? The title track is a melancholic slice of house, James draws on influences from far and wide to create one of his most accomplished pieces of work to date. The sincere string breakdown and jabbing synths are compounded with an understated kick.

No Other Way But Down - A total gem and arguably one of the most notable tracks, the production is mature with a definite nod to one of his long-time loves, Depeche Mode.

Human - Ethereal vocals and lush pads create a brave techy sound. Just when you think this is going to be a down-tempo number the distorted rubber bass pings the track into action giving it a satisfying heads down groove.

Phaser Fire - Unashamedly classic James, with Zabiela-esque glitches â?? itâ??s a homage to his love of all things android and something of a friendly face in otherwise new territory.

Jamesâ?? vocalâ??s feature on every track â?? but donâ??t call him a singer! He comments, â??I would never dream of performing these tracks live, they're not full vocal songs I just thought they made a nice addition to the tracks and what better way to convey a thought or feeling than to actually say it?â??

â??Iâ??m a bit of a control freak and I wanted the solo effort to be just that. Solo. I worked with people in the past and with the exception of Nic Fanciulli I find it harder to partner up in the studio.â??

This is, essentially to James the most â??personalâ?? thing he has ever released, although he points out whatever resonance they may hold for him this collection of tracks are very much aimed at getting people raving.

