Make your PC run like it did when you first plugged it in! 
Remember how fast your machine used to be, and how stable? Try to recall what it was like to not have strange pop-ups appear above your menu bar? There was a time when you didn?t have to worry about the possibility of having another application lock up in the middle of a critical project. Get it all back, for less than you ever thought possible.

Let Fix-It Utilities Professional 7 protect, maintain and optimize your PC so you can once again enjoy solid performance and stability. 
Money Back Guarantee - Try it, you have nothing to lose! We are so confident that you will enjoy Fix-It that we offer a 60 day money back guarantee from the date of purchase if not completely satisified. Rest assured, once you enjoy the speed, protection and stability that Fix-It offers we are sure you will find it to be a "must-have" on your PC. 

Just like a car, PCs need maintenance and repair. With the importance that the PC has taken on in the home and office it is now more critical than ever to make sure your PC is running it's best and your data is safe. Running Fix-It Utilities on your computer is the equivalent of taking your car in for a tune-up. Fix-It Utilities? Professional 7 optimizes system performance, finds and prevents problems before they occur, and provides easy, scheduled maintenance to keep your PC in top shape.

Here are just a few of the features that make Fix-It such a strong solution for your PC problems:

Superb Protection, Tools and Maintenance 
?	Startup Optimizer and Manager- New! 
?	Spyware Detection and Removal- Improved! 
?	Powerful Anti-Virus Protection- Improved! 
?	Bootable Rescue Disk ? Improved! 
?	One-Step Wizards for Easy Maintenance. 
?	Lost Data Recovery. 
?	Registry Cleaning. 

Powerful Diagnostics, including: 
?	SmartDiskCheck monitors the health of your hard drive. 
?	PC Diagnostics? checks and reports on your installed system hardware, 

looking for potential problems. 
?	SystemExplorer? scans your system and provides a complete statistical 

report. 
?	SystemMonitors watches system resources and alerts you if an item gets critical.

                                 System Requirements	 

	 
?	Windows┬« 2000/XP
?	Pentium 128 MHz or better
?	64 MB RAM
?	CD-RW drive recommended
	
