Spencer Tracy       ...  Matt Drayton 

 Sidney Poitier      ...  Dr. John Wade Prentice 

 Katharine Hepburn   ...  Christina Drayton 
 Katharine Houghton  ...  Joanna 'Joey' Drayton 
 Cecil Kellaway      ...  Monsignor Mike Ryan 
 Beah Richards       ...  Mrs. Prentice 
 Roy Glenn           ...  Mr. Prentice (as Roy E. Glenn, Sr.) 

 Isabel Sanford      ...  Matilda 'Tillie' Binks (as Isabell Sanford) 
 Virginia Christine  ...  Hilary St. George 
 Alexandra Hay       ...  Carhop 
 Barbara Randolph    ...  Dorothy, maid 
 D'Urville Martin    ...  Frankie 
 Tom Heaton          ...  Peter 
 Grace Gaynor        ...  Judith 
 Skip Martin         ...  Delivery Boy 


Here's a great way to spend an afternoon: watching some of the greatest actors of all time in a film that still has relevance today. Such a cast! Hepburn is wonderful as always, very energetic, with no trace of the shakiness of her later years.

Tracy, gruff, the way most probably remember him - sort of a ratcheted up version of the roles he played with Hepburn in earlier years. His ill health is obvious though to the careful observer: voice a little weak at times, and Tracy's step missing the "spring" of his earlier films. The fact that this his last film was so memorable, and of such quality just adds to his legend.

Potier of course turns in a great performance, impeccable as always.

Watch for Isabel Sanford, ("The Jefferson's") particularly the one memorable scene where she explains to Potier's character just what "black power" really is.

Cecil Kellaway sparkles as Monsignor Ryan, and Beah Richards and Roy Glenn, as the parents to Potier's character, mirror Hepburn and Tracy.

Indeed, there is so much real honest-to-god acting talent concentrated in this movie, it seems almost unfair, what I'm about to say: Katharine Houghton, as 'Joey' is the only character with only 2 dimensions. She's the ever-smiling, but clueless daughter and object of Dr. Prentice' affection. She's such a Pollyanna, and remains oblivious to the drama going on all around her, and everyone else conspires to keep her in the dark throughout the entire film. (No wonder her father is concerned.) I think it's fair to say that Houghton's character is the one weak spot in this otherwise excellent film.

That said, this is a wonderful film that I will always watch when it comes on. It's such a treat to watch these legendary actors at work. I highly recommend it.

By the way, there's no glass in Spencer's eyeglasses during the ending monologue, is there ? he's wearing only frames, right? 

