Three Pests in a Mess (1945)

    Director: Del Lord

    Cast: Vernon Dent, Vic Travers, Snub Pollard, Christine McIntyre, Brian Ohara

    The Three Stooges are three inventors trying to a get a patent on their preposterous fly catching invention.  When they learn they'll have to catch 100,000 flies to earn enough to get a patent, some crooks overhear and think the boys are the $100,000 sweepstakes winners. When the crooks give chase, the Three Stooges hide in a sporting goods store where Curly shoots a dummy, which they mistake for a real person.  The boys decide to bury the "body" in a pet cemetery, but the cemetery owner arrives from a costume party with his partners, all dressed as spooks, and they proceed to scare the devil out of the Three Stooges.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Booby Dupes (1945)

    Director: Del Lord

    Cast: Rebel Randally, Vernon Dent

    The Three Stooges are three fish peddlers who decide to cut out the middleman by catching their own fish.  They trade their car and $300 for a "new" boat which turns out to be a piece of junk that soon falls apart and sinks in the middle of the ocean.  Luckily the boys also have a row boat which they climb into and then try to signal some passing planes for help.  Unfortunately, their paint spattered rag is mistaken for a Japanese flag and they are bombed from the sky.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Idiots Deluxe (1945)

    Director: Jules White

    Cast: Vernon Dent, Paul Kruger

    Moe is on trial for assaulting Curly and Larry with an ax.  Moe relates how Curly and Larry took him on a hunting trip for his nerves.  Out in the woods they confronted a bear which Curly and Larry stunned, and thinking it was dead, threw it in the back of their car, where it came awake, tossed Moe out and drove the car into a tree.  The judge finds Moe not guilty and Moe promptly goes after Larry and Curly again with the axe.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
If a Body Meets a Body (1945)

    Director: Jules White

    Cast: Theodore Lorch, Fred Kelsey

    Curly learns that he is named in the will of his rich uncle, so the boys head for the uncle's mansion to attend the reading of the will. They arrive on a dark and stormy night only to find that the lawyer has been murdered and the will and the body have disappeared.  All the relatives must stay in the spooky house while the police investigate and the Three Stooges are given the bedroom where the uncle was murdered.  After a series of misadventures with a walking skull and the uncle's body, which keeps turning up in strange places, the Three Stooges unmask the butler and maid as the killers and recover the will.  Then they learn that Curly has only been left sixty seven cents.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Micro-Phonies (1945)

    Director: Jules White

    Cast: Christyne McIntyre, Gino Corrado, Symona Boniface, Fred Kelsey, Sam Flint, Chester Conklin 

    The Three Stooges are working in a radio station where a pretty girl has just made a recording of "Voices of Spring" under an assumed name. She wants to hide her singing career from her disapproving society parents while auditioning for Mrs. Bixby's "Krispy Krunchy" radio program.  After a run-in with a pompous violinist, the boys find the record and Curly starts mimicking to it, dressed as a women.  Mrs. Bixby witnesses their performance and is impressed enough to hire "Senorita Cucaracha" (Curly) and Senors "Mucho" and "Gusto" (Moe and Larry) for her radio program.  The boys show up in their disguises to "sing" at a Mrs. Bixby's party but run into trouble when Moe smashes the record over Curly's head.  The real singer tries to help by singing from behind a curtain while Curly mimics, but she is discovered and the Three Stooges exit to a hail of phonograph records
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Beer Barrel Polecats (1946)

    Director: Jules White

    Cast: Robert Williams, Vernon Dent, Bruce Bennett

    The Three Stooges make a whole batch of homemade beer, but get tossed in jail when Curly sells some to a cop.  Their minor indiscretion turns into a forty year sentence when a keg of beer Curly has hidden under his coat explodes while the boys are being photographed.  In prison the Three Stooges get into more trouble with the warden and wind on the rockpile when they try to escape.  Released as old men with long gray beards, the first thing Curly wants is a bottle of beer.

(A pretty good short, but only because of heavy use of footage from "In the Sweet Pie and Pie" and "Goodbye Mr. Chumps".)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
A Bird in the Head (1946)

    Director: Edward Bernds

    Cast: Vernon Dent, Robert Williams, Frank Lackteen

    The Three Stooges are working as paperhangers in the home of Professor Panzer, a mad scientist looking for a brain to use in his experiments.  The professor wants to put a human brain into a gorilla but has trouble finding a brain small enough, which leads him to select Curly (for obvious reasons) as the perfect donor.  The Three Stooges manage to foil the madman with the help of the gorilla who befriends Curly.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SWING PARADE OF 1946

Released:  1946-03-16
Featuring Moe, Larry and Curly
Monogram Feature Film
Length: 74 min.

Prod. No.:  4517 

Actor/Actress Role 
Moe Howard Moe 
Larry Fine Larry 
Curly Howard Curly 
Gale Storm Carol Lawrence 
Phil Regan Danny Warren Jr. 
Edward Brophy Moose 
Mary Treen Marie Finch 
Russell Hicks Daniel Warren Sr. 
John Eldredge Bascomb 
Leon Belasco Pete Welsh 


Stooge Goofs and Technical Blunders

No explanation
Early in the film, Curly says that he and the other Stooges can't read. But later in the film, we see Curly reading off of a menu with no problem.


Change in Position
In the Embassy Club rehearsal scene just after Carol accepts the job of serving a process paper, Danny Jr. is practicing his song. In the medium shots, he is holding the music sheet at waist level, but in the close-ups he is holding the music sheet at chest level.


Sudden Appearance
In the Stooges very first scene, the club manager orders the boys to do the dishes. He strikes all three on the feet to get them to drop their newspapers they are reading, which they do. But in the very next scene, Curly is suddenly holding his newspaper at chest level. 


Wrong Timing
During the scene where Carol gets a chance at an audition, the boys are ordered to go back to doing the dishes, but instead sneak back and lay down next to the band to hear her sing. Danny then silently tells the band to begin playing along with her singing. All these scenes take place while Carol is singing a slow intro to the song "The Sunny Side of the Street", but the shot of the band picking up their instruments and preparing to play along shows the boys nodding their heads in time to the faster-paced music which HASN'T started yet!


What About the Kitten?
The very first scene shows Carol putting on her shoes and a kitten lapping milk at her feet. As the movie progresses, she is evicted and locked out of her apartment. The movie NEVER shows her getting back into her place to retrieve clothing, belongings, etc. WHAT about the poor little kitty trapped inside the apartment?


Obvious Stunt Double
The scene after when Carol faints at the sight of the Stooges has Moe, Larry and Curly sleeping on top of a grand piano, with Curly closest to the keyboard. They all three turn over at the same time, causing Curly to fall onto the keyboard, then to the piano bench. This scene has a stunt double in Curly's place with a very obvious- looking "Bald-Curly" headpiece on.


Subtle Clothing Change
The scenes of Carol waking up with pajamas on and putting on her robe to answer the door shows her wrapping the robe tightly around her body when she approaches the door. But the very next scene, when she gets to the door and explains to Danny "I have it on", shows that the robe is no longer wrapped around her and reveals her pajamas from the front.


Actor's Shadow Revealed
During the scene where Carol tears up the Dispossesion Notice, she says to the Stooges "I could kiss all of you!" When they begin to line up for the smooch, watch the back wall at the lower-right of the screen and you can see the shadow of the head of the actor playing Danny bob in and out of view a couple of times before he enters the scene.


Well Crafted Scene!
NOT a goof, but a scene so well put together and shot, it is worth mentioning! The scene of Danny (just after remarking about Carol as having "Opening Night Jitters") picking through the crowd during Opening Night shows him passing in front of a very large, long mirror. The mirror reflects people milling about and dancers dancing, just as you might expect it to. This means that the set had to be much bigger than the actual scene required to get all those proper images into the mirror. Also, the camera dolly and crew were carefully placed at approximately a 45 degree angle from the main action in the scene and therefore were never reflected in the mirror while shooting. Kudos, guys!!


Superstition Reigns Supreme!
Also not a goof, but the scene of Moe, Larry and Curly taking the emergency job as waiters has Moose assigning them to stations. Moose says, "Larry, you take 9 and 10 ... Moe, 11 and 12 ... and Curly, 14 and 15." It appears the nightclub intentionally left out station 13!
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Uncivil Warbirds (1946)

    Director: Jules White

    Cast : Faye WIlliams, Eleanor Counts, Marilyn Johnson, Maury Dexter, Ted Lorch, Al Rosen, Blackie Whiteford

    The Three Stooges are civil war soldiers who are constantly changing uniforms to avoid the opposing armies.  Eventually they decide to be loyal to the south, but remain disguised as Union soldiers.  Curly is detected as a spy, but Moe and Larry prevent his execution.  The boys escape with a secret map and marry their three southern belles.
