The Clones Of Bruce Lee (Bruce Le, 1977)


by Mark Pollard

Dozens of films sprung up like weeds following the death of Bruce Lee starring look-alikes and imitators either trying to recreate his life or to simply exploit his image. But by far, one of the most exploitive and wacky efforts ever attempted must be Clones of Bruce Lee. Instead of just one Bruce Lee double, we get three. In addition, another common practice of wrangling actors from Bruce Lee's real films takes place as John Benn, the gangster from Way of the Dragon and Bolo Yeung from Enter the Dragon appear prominently.

Clones of Bruce Lee is the Plan 9 from Outer Space of Hong Kong cinema. It's the very definition of bad filmmaking and sleazy exploitation. Expect to witness mad scientists bent on world domination, death rays, bronzemen, and naked women frolicking on the beach. Despite some decent kung fu action, particularly with Bolo, it's so bad you'll laugh or turn it off.

John Benn is a scientist who draws blood from Bruce Lee a mere twenty minutes after his death and uses his DNA to make three clones. Of course, in the day of sheep cloning we all know you can't wave a wand and make a fully grown clone, but the film doesn't waste time on that issue. Instead the three adult clones simply appear as Bruce 1 (Dragon Lee), Bruce 2 (Bruce Le), and Bruce 3 (Bruce Tai). They are brain-washed by Benn to do his bidding and taught kung fu by instructors played by genre veterans Kong Do and Bolo Yeung. If this isn't wacky enough yet, the cloning program is being backed by the British government who recruit the three clones to assassinate several crime bosses in Southeast Asia. In one mission, Dragon Lee goes undercover as a martial arts actor to bust a criminal using his film company as a cover. On another mission Bruce Le and Bruce Lai team up to infiltrate the secret laboratory of a mad scientist bent on destroying the world. They succeed in all of their missions, but discover that their creator is a little mad himself and must fight his kung fu instructors to stop him.

It seems fitting that three of the worst Bruce Lee imitators are thrown together in one film, possibly in an attempt to make up for their individual inadequacies. Instead, we get three men all trying to out-Bruce Lee each other. They all heavily lay on the mannerisms of Bruce Lee with Dragon Lee being the most obnoxious offender.

The kung fu action is decent with each of the actors performing well enough. Bruce Le, who also choreographed the action is probably the best, but comparisons really do not matter. After five or ten minutes, it all starts to look the same. This is one of those films where the makers assume that as long as a punch, any punch is being thrown the film will hold the viewer's interest. And just in case it doesn't a little nudity is sprinkled in here and there. A goofy scene where a mob of naked women tackle a skinny peeping tom on a beach has absolutely nothing to do with the plot, but there it is in the middle of the film.

Technically, the film is third-rate and looks suspiciously like several movies pasted together, as the three clones rarely appear together. Awkward editing that fails to bridge certain scenes together and causes most of them to be disjointed bolsters this suspicion. The "hi-tech" elements are quite funny with the laboratory where the clones are made awash in multi-colored disco lighting.

Depending on your tastes or level of drunkenness, Clones of Bruce Lee will either be a compete waste of time or amusing. What the film does have going for it is the complete nonsense elements that you won't find in many kung fu movies, good or bad. This makes the film more entertaining in a campy way than many of the other Brucexploitation films that lack any distinctive qualities other than their failed attempt to recreate the magic of Bruce Lee. But if you're looking for anything of value, you better look elsewhere.

_________________
Do not break the share chain! Once you have completed download, seed for the next person in the chain as you possibly can. If this torrent link is dead or not well seeded, PM me for a re-seed!
