Lost Highway (1997)

IMDB Link:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0116922/

----

A David Lynch film...

Can't find anything but a VHS rip? Fear not...here is a DVD rip.

This was a BITCH to get on DVD.  All I could get my hands on was the canadian version, which is fullscreen, and has a low video bitrate.

I cleaned up the audio, and used a lower bitrate on the video to keep the size down.  The movie is quite lengthy, however it would have been a waste to use a higher bitrate, as the DVD didn't look that great to begin with.  Thus being said, at 600kb/s bitrate, it looks just like the DVD.  Don't believe me?  Go buy the fucker and compare the two.

No subs on this DVD. :(

----

Mini Plot:

Fred Madison, a saxophonist, is accused under mysterious circumstances of murdering his wife Renee. On death row, he inexplicably morphs into a young man named Pete Dayton, leading a completely different life. When Pete is released, his and Fred's paths begin to cross in a surreal, suspenseful web of intrigue, orchestrated by a shady gangster boss named Dick Laurent.

or

When Fred Madison finds a video tape on his doorstep that shows the interior of his house, he's convinced that someone has broken in and calls the police. Things get really complicated when he finds another videotape showing him killing his wife, and the police arrest him because his wife really was murdered! Then he disappears from the prison and we start watching the life of a young man who works in a garage...

----

Encoded by: sickboy88
Codec: XviD 1.1.0 Beta 2
Bitrate: 597 kb/s AVG
Aspect: 640x480 = 1.33:1
Audio: English, 128 kb/s VBR AVG Stereo @ 48K Hz
Subtitles: None
Runtime: 02:14:02
FPS: 23.976

----

If you are going to watch this, you'll want to install the NEW XviD codec:

Now at Beta 2!

http://www.koepi.org/XviD-1.1.0-Beta2-04042005.exe

For top quality, make sure you use the XviD decoder configerator, and turn
on (Y) and (UV) deblocking, and the new feature of
XviD 1.1.0 (Y) and (UV) DERINGING.

If you have a slow computer, please turn off pre-processing. I don't want
another stupid motherfucker telling me that my movies are out of sync
because they are totally computer illiterate.