The complete Silent Hill OST featuring 68 works of art. Downloaded, unzipped, organized then zipped again for easier use.

Originally from http://www.silenceisbroken.com

Here's the own site's info:

   xxx  x xx   xxxx xx   xx xxxxxx   xx  xx xx x    x
  x   x x xx   xxxx xxx  xx xxxxxx   xx  xx xx x    x
  x     x xx   xx   xxx  xx   xx     xx  xx xx x    x
   xx   x xx   xxxx xxxx xx   xx     xxxxxx xx x    x
     x  x xx   xxxx xx xxxx   xx     xxxxxx xx x    x
      x x xx   xx   xx  xxx   xx     xx  xx xx x    x
  x   x x xxxx xxxx xx  xxx   xx     xx  xx xx x    x
   xxx  x xxxx xxxx xx   xx   xx     xx  xx xx xxxx xxxx

           C O M P L E T E   S O U N D T R A C K



First, thanks for having downloaded my "SILENT HILL Complete Soundtrack". :-)
In this note, you will find information concerning the way I extracted and mixed the musics
of the game, and also the places in the game where the tracks can be heard.

1) About the tracks

-I extracted all the musics while playing the game (just like my first Complete Soundtrack).
I don't know any other means.
-During the cut-scenes, I had to pop the hood of the PlayStation in order to record the musics.
-For some of the passages of the game where there are surrounding sounds in addition to the music,
I lowered the sound level to 0 (in my first Complete Soundtrack, I didn't know it was possible lol).
Thanks for the tip, Dustfungus ! :-)
-I saved the samples of music in WAV format for best possible quality, in order to work with
the file without quality problems (that's the real big difference with my first
Complete Soundtrack - I saved all samples in MP3 format before, and saved them again many times
while working on them which resulted in poor quality [but I wasn't aware of it at that time]),
then once mixed and assembled, saved the mixdown in MP3 format. I never worked on them once saved
in MP3, to keep the best quality possible, so this means that if I realized some times after that
I wasn't satisfied of one of my mixdown, I had to extract the samples again lol. I used Cool Edit Pro
to master the tracks.
-I also extracted some of the FMV's short musics (this was not the case in my first Complete Soundtrack).
-In some few tracks, there are unfortunately really short high-pitched sounds, I don't know from where
they come, lol, so I couldn't remove them (you will only hear them when listening with headphones I think).
-This Complete Soundtrack does not contain the opening and ending musics (you can find them in the
Official Soundtrack).
-Total time spent to complete all tracks : I really don't know, but much more than 24 hours.
It was so long, lol.

In theory, no music is missing, so I hope it's complete lol (except the opening and endings that I left out
on purpose). If you want to leave me any comments, you are welcomed to do so : koebi@voila.fr (please entitle
your message with something like : Silent Hill complete soundtrack).
I hope you will like "my" soundtrack :-)

2) Location of the tracks

DISC 1

1. Summer Snow : Old Silent Hill - Finney Street (searching for Cheryl Mason)
2. Dead End : Old Silent Hill (dark alley)
3. The Rest : Café 5to2 (discussion with Cybil Bennett)
4. Wings of Hell : Café 5to2 (fight with the Air Screamer)
5. Dark Again : Old Silent Hill - Outside the Dog House (night)
6. Exercise Book : Midwich Elementary School (inside)
7. The Time Has Come : Midwich Elementary School (courtyard)
8. Malfunctioning Clock : Midwich Elementary School (clock tower)
9. Bells of School : Alternate Midwich Elementary School (inside and courtyard)
10. Barbed Wire : Alternate Midwich Elementary School (inside)
11. Playing Truant : Alternate Midwich Elementary School (inside)
12. The Archer and the Beast : Alternate Midwich Elementary School (fight with the Split Head boss)
13. Vision : Alternate Midwich Elementary School (FMV scene introducing Alessa Gillespie)
14. Shelter : Balkan Church (FMV scene introducing Dahlia Gillespie)
15. Jesus and the Saviour : Balkan Church (discussion with Dahlia Gillespie)
16. In Between : Old Silent Hill - Block Street (bridge)
17. Stuck : Police Station
18. Poacher : Alchemilla Hospital (FMV scene introducing Michael Kaufmann)
19. Tense Discussion : Alchemilla Hospital (discussion with Michael Kaufmann)
20. Patient : Alchemilla Hospital (1st to 3rd floor)
21. Generator : Alchemilla Hospital (basement)
22. Trapped : Alternate Alchemilla Hospital (4th floor)
23. Major Surgery : Alternate Alchemilla Hospital
24. Something Down There : Alternate Alchemilla Hospital (basement)
25. Loneliness : Alternate Alchemilla Hospital (FMV scene introducing Lisa Garland)
26. Dream : Alternate Alchemilla Hospital (discussion with Lisa Garland)
27. Follow the Path : Alchemilla Hospital (discussion with Dahlia Gillespie)
28. Enshrouding Darkness : Central Silent Hill (going to the Green Lion Antique Shop)
29. Trinkets : Green Lion Antique Shop (discussion with Cybil Bennett)
30. Infinite Tunnel : Green Lion Antique Shop (inside the hole)
31. Screen : Alternate Town Center
32. Sand Castle : Alternate Town Center (fight with the Twinfeeler boss)
33. Break Before Nightmare : Alternate Town Center (after the Twinfeeler boss fight)
34. Running : Alternate Central Silent Hill (going to the Alchemilla Hospital)
35. Stay : Alternate Alchemilla Hospital (before and during the discussion with Lisa Garland)
36. A Safe Place : Alternate Alchemilla Hospital (before going out)
37. Erratic : Alternate Central Silent Hill (before and during the fight with the Float Stinger boss)

DISC 2

1. Dustman : Sewer
2. Clank : Resort Area
3. Danger : Annie's Bar (Michael Kaufmann's theme)
4. Dark Rain : Alternate Resort Area (going to the boat)
5. Foreordained Awakening : Alternate Resort Area - Boat (discussion with Cybil Bennett and Dahlia Gillespie)
6. Goldfish Bowl : Alternate Resort Area - Boat (cabin)
7. Lonely Fisherman : Alternate Resort Area (going to the Lighthouse)
8. Looking for a Ghost : Lighthouse
9. Octopus : Alternate Resort Area (going to the Sewer)
10. Flesh and Blood : Alternate Sewer
11. Party Spirit : Lakeside Amusement Park
12. Friendly Clown : Lakeside Amusement Park - Merry-go-round with spaceships
13. Roundabout : Lakeside Amusement Park - Merry-go-round (fight with the possessed Cybil Bennett boss)
14. Exorcism : Lakeside Amusement Park - Merry-go-round (saving Cybil Bennett - randomly appearing music)
15. I Found You : Lakeside Amusement Park (discussion with Alessa Gillespie)
16. Back to Home : Lakeside Amusement Park (discussion with Alessa and Dahlia Gillespie)
17. Nightmare : Nowhere (FMV scene of the awakening)
18. Lost : Nowhere (discussion with Lisa Garland)
19. As Usual : Nowhere (first elevator)
20. Holy Ghost : Nowhere
21. Last Goodbye : Nowhere (discussion with Lisa Garland)
22. Blood Tears : Nowhere (Lisa Garland mutating)
23. No Escape : Nowhere
24. Grim Reaper : Nowhere
25. The Door : Nowhere (Child's room)
26. Family Supper : Nowhere (discussion with Dahlia Gillespie)
27. Awakening : Nowhere (fight with the Incubus - Samael - boss)
28. Life : Nowhere (collapsing world)
29. End of the World : Nowhere (escape)
30. A New Beginning : ? (FMV scene with Harry Mason and Cybil Bennett)
31. Eternal Rest : Rank screen