Katsumi - scene from `Anal Expedition #6` (2005)

Cast:
Katsumi, Michael Stefano, Pascal St. James, Toni Ribas, Jazz Duro


Content:
Anal, DP, DAP, A2M, Asian, Straight, Cumshot, Facial



Review 1:
Katsumi also had a scene but I refrained myself from rating because the scene seemed like it had no idea where it was going and kept going back to anal rev cowgirl and DP (cowgirl) but with no soul and no flavour. It was like watching some sort of looped up rehashed we've already seen thousands of times Kastumi in. A really flopper.

Review 2:
We begin with a nice slow pan up this woman's body arriving at her pretty face. Katsumi is a very good performer so this scene should rock the house. Manuel and her have some sexy dialogue between them, the native french accents from both are cool to listen to. Katsumi knows how to show off her body so Manuel lets the camera drink in her beauty and he also lets his hands take a little walk about her ass and pussy! Katsumi also has some sexy eyes which sadly get blindfolded, lol. We then watch as Katsumi crawls around the floor, going down some steps until she arrives at a rigid cock which she jerks on briefly before slowly starting a bj. The side view was nice here and her not seeing what she was doing was also an added element to turn you on. We see there's another cock for her and Manuel directs her to move ever so slightly down the stairs and she is right at the dick and there's some harder sucking now by Katsumi. She then finds one more cock to jerk on and having three dicks for Katsumi seems just about right and she seems excited enough but Manuel adds one more cock in the mix so I'd say she will get her fill of manmeat today. Katsumi then crawls a bit more until she is on the living room floor and the guys surround her giving us a good cock circle plus they get to feel about her body. By now the cock sucking has taken on a more forceful tone which Katsumi easily meets. Nicely she gets to rid herself of the blindfold so she gets to see the dicks before her and the itensity comes right back as she devours all schlongs before her. Sexwise this sexy lady takes dick in all her holes and in so many good positions including doggie with A2M, a cowgirl dp, reverse cowgirl dp, mish anal with skull fucking, reverse cowgirl double anal with double A2M!! I'd say Katsumi is really kickin it in this scene, awesome energy from her. You also get some double anal in cowgirl for Katsumi before there's one final dp in RC leading to the pops which coat her face and tongue. I must say Katsumi really did good here and makes a strong case for her being in the running for Foreign Female Peformer of the Year, simply awesome.


Format:  .avi
Duration:  38:40 mins.


SCREENS: 
http://www.jam-hot.com/details.php?id=10620


For more nush-nush: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/deirdre1987/





.
