Spellbound is a 1945 psychological thriller and mystery film directed by Alfred Hitchcock. It tells the story of the new head of a mental asylum who turns out not to be what he claims. The film stars Ingrid Bergman, Gregory Peck, Michael Chekhov and Leo G. Carroll. The film is an adaptation by Angus MacPhail and Ben Hecht of the novel The House of Dr. Edwardes by Francis Beeding.

Production

Spellbound caused major contention between Alfred Hitchcock and producer David O. Selznick. Hitchcock was contracted to make films for Selznick, who ordered him to make a movie based upon Selznick's own experiences in psychoanalysis. Selznick even brought his own therapist on board as a technical advisor. She and Hitchcock clashed frequently.

Hitchcock caused further contention by bringing in surrealist artist Salvador Dalí to conceive certain scenes of mental delusion. Selznick hated Dalí's ideas, and although much of his work was used, one dream sequence depicting Bergman turning into a statue of the Greek goddess Diana was cut. The footage apparently no longer exists (although some production stills of the sequence have survived).

The film boasts an orchestral score by Miklós Rózsa notable for its pioneering use of the theremin. Spellbound was filmed in black and white, except for one or two frames of bright red at the conclusion when a gun is turned into the camera. This red detail was deleted in 16mm and video formats and was restored only for the film's DVD release.

[edit] Awards

Spellbound won the Academy Award for Best Music, Scoring of a Dramatic or Comedy Picture, and was nominated for Best Actor in a Supporting Role (Michael Chekhov), Best Cinematography, Black-and-White, Best Director, Best Effects, Special Effects and Best Picture.

[edit] Criticism

Although popular in its day, Spellbound has generally been sidelined in recent years in favour of Hitchcock's other great films.[citation needed] Critics argue that the central psychological premise of the film is outdated and even childish.[citation needed] François Truffaut, in his series of interviews with Hitchcock, said that he was disappointed in the film despite being fascinated by the legendary dream sequence and the "doors-within-doors" kissing scene between Bergman and Peck[1].[citation needed] Hitchcock himself dismissed it later on as "Well, it's just another manhunt story wrapped in pseudo-psychology"[2].[citation needed]

[edit] Cameo

Hitchcock's cameo appearance is a signature occurrence in almost all of his films. In Spellbound, he can be seen coming out of an elevator at the Empire Hotel, carrying a violin case and smoking a cigarette, about 37 minutes into the film.

Enjoy it