Applications : Windows : English
Macintosh Emulator for Microsoft Windows - includes both the SoftMac XP 

Classic Edition for Windows 95/98/200 and SoftMac XP Xpress Edition for 

Windows XP

Operating systems:

* Windows 95/98/Me
* Windows NT 4.0
* Windows 2000
* Windows XP *
* Windows 2003 *
* Windows Longhorn *

* - 32-bit OS editions only

Disk devices supported:

* IDE and SCSI CD-ROM drives
* 3.5 inch 1.44M floppy disks
* 120M LS-120 floppy disks
* Iomega ZIP and Jaz disks
* external SCSI hard disks
* external USB drives
* Sony Memory Stick drives

Additional drivers required:

* Users of Windows NT 4.0 and Windows 2000 need to install Adaptec's latest 

ASPI SCSI drivers for accessing Macintosh SCSI and CD-ROM devices.

This is the full release of the SoftMac XP Suite version 8.2. It replaces all 

earlier releases of SoftMac 2000 and adds compatibility with Windows XP and 

Windows 2003. Use it to run System 7 and Mac OS 8 on your Windows computer at 

speeds that rival most Power Macintosh computers!

Windows users: the SOFTMAC.ZIP file is an executable self-extracting ZIP file. 

We recommend that you click on the link to SOFTMAC.ZIP. When prompted by your 

browser, select Save to save the file to your computer as the file 

SOFTMAC_SETUP.EXE. Then run that file to install the SoftMac XP product suite 

to your Windows computer and set up the appropriate Start menu shortcuts.

If you wish to save the SoftMac release as a ZIP file, the SOFTMAC.ZIP file 

can be saved to disk and extracted using PKUNZIP, WinZIP, StuffIt Expander, 

the Windows XP Explorer, or other ZIP file extractor .

This setup program installs two versions of SoftMac XP. If you are using an 

older PC (Pentium II or earlier, Windows 98 or earlier) we recommend using the 

SoftMac XP Classic Edition, as it is smaller and memory efficient. If you are 

using a more current PC, we recommend using the SoftMac XP Xpress Edition 

which is optimized for the Intel Pentium 4 and Windows XP, and also offers 

higher limits on memory and graphics emulation. A 30-day trial activation is 

required.

Please read the full SoftMac documentation before trying to run SoftMac XP. 

Severe damage to your PC can result if SoftMac XP is used improperly.

Windows 95, Windows NT 4.0, and Windows 2000 users: You need to make sure ASPI 

(the Windows driver WNASPI32.DLL) is installed on your system for Windows to 

be able to read your Macintosh CD-ROMs and ZIP disks. Various versions of the 

ASPI driver can be downloaded from Adaptec's web site and from here.

Users of Windows 98, Windows Millennium, Windows XP, and Windows 2003 do not 

need to download or install ASPI as your Windows release can already read 

Macintosh CD-ROMs.

It is also recommended that you update your video drivers and DirectX drivers 

to their latest versions. Some older ATI RAGE PRO video drivers (used by 

All-In-Wonder-Pro and similar cards) are known to be buggy and will cause 

displays problems in SoftMac as well as Internet Explorer and other Windows 

applications.


Gemulator Explorer 2.03

Operating systems:

* Windows 95/98/Me
* Windows NT 4.0
* Windows 2000

Disk devices supported:

* IDE and SCSI CD-ROM drives
* 3.5 inch 1.44M floppy disks
* 120M LS-120 floppy disks
* Iomega ZIP and Jaz disks
* external SCSI hard disks

Additional drivers required:

* Adaptec's latest ASPI SCSI drivers for accessing SCSI and CD-ROM devices.


ith Gemulator Explorer, you can access and copy files from any Macintosh 1.44M 

floppy disk, Macintosh CD-ROM, Macintosh ZIP disk, external Macintosh SCSI 

hard drive, Atari ST formatted floppy disk, Atari ST ZIP disk, Atari ST 

formatted hard drive, and even disk image files.

This utility is also great for creating disk images of your floppies and even 

CD-ROMs, as these images can later be mounted in a Macintosh emulator. Floppy 

disk images can also be copied back to a real floppy disk for fast disk 

duplication or quick formatting of Macintosh floppy disks on your PC.

Supports disk image files created by Mac OS Disk Copy, by various Macintosh 

emulators (.DSK files from SoftMac 2000, .HFX/.HFV files from Executor, 

Fusion, vMac, and Basilisk II), and by Atari emulators. Use Gemulator Explorer 

to read disks and disk images that MS-DOS and Windows normally won't!

To install, unZIP the contents of GEMXPLOR.ZIP and make sure you that you're 

previously installed ASPI. Then run GEMXPLOR.EXE. The program will display a 

list of available disk drives, including any SCSI devices such as CD-ROMs and 

ZIP drives. Click on any drive and on the right half of the window you'll see 

a disk directory of the files on that disk. Navigate the directory just like 

any Windows directory, by double clicking on directory icons to go into a 

directory, and pressing backspace to exit a directory.

This free release is limited to copying a single file at a time from the Mac 

or Atari disk to your PC's disk.


Disk Image Creation Utilities

MAKEDSK


Operating systems:

* Windows 95/98/Me
* Windows NT 4.0
* Windows 2000
* Windows XP
* Windows 2003
* Windows Longhorn


Utilities to create blank disk image files. The main use for this is to create 

blank Macintosh hard disk images for use with SoftMac 2000 and other Macintosh 

emulators, or to create blank Atari ST hard disk images for use by Gemulator. 

To install, unZIP the contents of MAKEDSK.ZIP. There are two similar utilities 

provided - MAKEDSK.EXE and MAKEIMG.EXE.

MAKEDSK.EXE is used to create a large zero-filled file on your hard disk. This 

can then be mounted by SoftMac 2000 and formatted using the Mac OS disk 

formatting utility as a large Macintosh hard disk partition.

MAKEIMG.EXE is used to create pre-formatted Macintosh hard disk and floppy 

disk images. The images are formatted in standard HFS format and contain a 

blank root directory. The files can then be mounted as .HFX files by SoftMac 

2000 and other Macintosh emulators.

From a command line prompt type MAKEIMG or MAKEDSK followed by the name of the 

image file to create and the size in kilobytes. For example, to create a blank 

formatted Macintosh floppy disk image, type:

MAKEIMG UNTITLED.IMG 1440

You can then use the Gemulator Explorer utility to write this image to a real 

floppy disk, thus being able to format a Macintosh floppy disk on your PC! 

Another example, to create a 500 megabyte Macintosh hard disk image for use 

with SoftMac 2000, (which you can mount and format with the Mac OS).




QEMU is an emulator for various CPUs. It works on Linux, Windows, FreeBSD and 

Mac OS X. Windows version is in an alpha stage.

What's New!
Patches for VNC and VVFAT are added. (2006/11/25)
Binary for all patches is updated.
Debugging Tips is updated. (2006/11/08)
Binary for SPARC with all patches is added. (2006/11/03)
Binary for all patches is updated. (2006/10/30)
Binary for keyboard is updated. (2006/10/28)
Binary for all patches is updated. (2006/10/26)
Binary for keyboard is updated. (2006/10/23)
Binary for all patches is added. (2006/10/21)
Binary for keyboard is added.

Please Seed If You Can Thanks