Detects and deletes all types of viruses 

Keeps your PC free from spyware


The new Panda Antivirus 2007 makes protecting your computer as easy as possible, because it automatically blocks and removes all types of viruses and spyware so you can surf the Internet, send and receive email play games, download files, chat online? and relax.  Plus, it?s small and super-efficient, so your computer runs faster! 


Install it and forget about viruses and spyware!


 Automatically detects and eliminates all types of viruses 

Viruses, worms, and Trojans have evolved and multiplied. Now they are designed to infect without you noticing. Panda Antivirus 2007 automatically detects and eliminates them to keep your PC virus-free.
Forget about infections!


 Keeps your PC free from spyware 

The Internet is teeming with spy programs that can invade your privacy and steal information by secretly snooping on your online activity.
Spyware can also slow down your PC, cause annoying and aggressive pop-up ads, and change your computer settings.
Panda Antivirus 2007 detects and completely removes spyware and other annoying programs automatically. 
Safeguard your privacy!


 Protects against online fraud 

New sophisticated online fraud techniques emerge every day. These scams are designed to obtain your login details, account numbers and other data that can then be used to steal your money or identity.
Panda Antivirus 2007 will keep you safe from these dangerous scams. Bank and shop online with complete peace of mind!



 Automatic daily updates 

The product is automatically updated, at least once a day, to protect you against viruses, spyware and other threats. 


 Tech Support 24 hours a day -365 days a year* 

Whenever you need it, our Tech Support experts and PandaLabs will provide a rapid response. 


 Installation requirements: 

Processor: Pentium 150 MHz or faster
RAM: 64 MB
Hard disk: 110 MB free space 
Operating system: Windows XP, Windows 2000 Pro, Windows Me, Windows 98
Internet Explorer 5.01
CD-ROM drive. 

