All-new versions of essential creative tools

Experience the ultimate creative toolset with Adobe® InDesign® CS3 for page layout, Photoshop® CS3 Extended for specialized image editing, Illustrator® CS3 for vector graphics creation, Flash® CS3 Professional for interactive design, Dreamweaver® CS3 for web design and development, and Acrobat® 8 Professional for Adobe PDF workflows.
Unparalleled integration

Use native files any way you need to: Open native Photoshop files in Illustrator, import them into InDesign layouts or Flash projects, and copy them into Dreamweaver. Open Illustrator files in Photoshop and import them into InDesign layouts and Flash projects. Open and edit Adobe PDF files in Illustrator and Photoshop, and place them in InDesign layouts.
Support for the latest Macintosh and Windows systems

Get the most out of Adobe Creative Suite® 3 Design Premium on Intel® based Macintosh systems and Microsoft® Windows Vista? computers. Work smoothly on legacy PowerPC® based Macintosh and Windows® XP systems as well.
Efficient, powerful page design with Adobe InDesign CS3

Explore more creative possibilities and experience new levels of productivity using InDesign CS3, which offers powerful features for creating graphically rich, complex documents; professional typographic controls; and robust, reliable printing.
Industry-leading image editing and illustration

Experience unrivaled image editing and compositing, and even perform advanced image analysis, using Photoshop CS3 Extended. Produce inspired vector graphics with Illustrator CS3, which lets you interactively explore, apply, and control color. And work seamlessly between the two components with native file format support.
Fluid web workflows

Become more proficient at web and interactive design. Get up to speed quickly in Flash, which now features a more familiar Adobe-standard interface, an object-oriented drawing mode, and a Pen tool like the one in Illustrator. And jump-start web page designs using CSS layouts in Dreamweaver.
Designer-developer workflows

Import layered Photoshop and Illustrator files into Flash, animate them, and export them automatically as ActionScript 3.0 to hand off to developers. Use new CSS layouts in Dreamweaver to jump-start standards-based web pages, and collaborate with developers to produce interactive web experiences using the Spry framework for Ajax.
Adobe PDF print workflows

Use widely available Adobe PDF to create reliable and consistent final output, streamline print production ? including automatically fixing mistakes before they get to press ? and automate workflows using JDF.
Visual media management in Adobe Bridge CS3

Easily organize, browse, locate, and preview assets with Adobe Bridge CS3, which offers faster performance; customizable workspaces; nondestructive batch-editing of TIFF, JPEG, and camera raw files; playback of SWF and FLV files; and direct access to useful services such as Adobe Stock Photos.
Integrated support for mobile design

Produce compelling mobile graphics in Illustrator and Photoshop Extended, add interactivity in Flash, and code pages for mobile display in Dreamweaver. Then preview and test your designs using mobile device profiles in Adobe Device Central CS3.

ENJOY another release from BCP