Video Watermark Factory features :
     
     * Protect your video with digital watermarks
     
     If you ever shared videos over the Internet or published them on 
     a Web site such as YouTube, you probably know how hard it is to 
     keep track of those who copy and re-distribute your work, often 
     without giving the proper credit. In some cases such copying is 
     illegal, and you can use legal enforcement tools such as DMCA to 
     stop unlawful distribution. In most cases, however, all you want 
     from those who copy your video is a note giving credit to the 
     author of the video. Hunting down the infringers would not be worth 
     the effort. You can protect your video with a professionally looking 
     logo or watermark with just a few mouse clicks.
     
     * Split your video files into several parts
     
     Video splitting allows making a set of small, easy to download 
     files from a long video that would otherwise be impossible to 
     download. You can split it Automatically (by setting number of 
     parts and a duration of each clip) or Manually (by setting start and 
     end points for every part).If you need to publish your movie to the 
     Web, you should think that downloading the whole movie is not 
     convenient, so it is recommended to upload long videos spitted 
     into several parts. Also this feature is very useful when you need 
     to send interesting part of your movie in the email.
     
     * Resize your movies
     
     Video resizing serves the same purpose as splitting, allowing your 
     video files to occupy less space on your Web site, and your 
     visitors to save their Internet traffic.You like putting videos on 
     your blog?  Now, when you embed the player, does it totally mess 
     up your template? How to Resize your Videos to Fit Your Blog 
     Layout? Share your video with friends via YouTube, MySpace, 
     Google Video, Yahoo Video.
     
     * Prepare digital movies for YouTube, MySpace...
     
     In order to prepare your digital movies for the web you'll need to 
     do few things with your videos: resize, convert, apply several 
     artistic filters, etc. Share your video with friends via YouTube, 
     MySpace, Google Video, Yahoo Video with just one click.
     
     * Convert a lot of videos to various formats
     
     If you have a lot of video files but in different formats, no problem! 
     Video Watermark Factory lets you to convert your files to any of 
     the following formats: AVI,MPEG, WMV, Real Media. Now you can 
     upload your movies to YouTube, prepare for video podcasts, 
     blogs. Video Watermark Factory is the conversion software which 
     convert video file between all popular video formats.
     
     * Enhance your Videos
     
     Video Watermark Factory contains an extensive library of special 
     effects allowing you to enhance or correct your videos by 
     choosing correct values for the brightness, contrast and color 
     balance. Also it contains the following effects: Auto Contrast, 
     Auto Levels, Blur, Brightness/Contrast, Color temperature, 
     Denoiser, Deinterlace, Hue Saturation, Sharpen, Old Movie, 
     Grayscale, Sepia, Noise, Invert, Gamma, Mosaic, Posterize, 
     Diffuse.