The Future Is Wild.-5 Million Years In The Future DVD 1/3

[img]http://img510.imageshack.us/img510/1236/futurexa9.jpg[/img]

 Technical data
Year 	2002
Length 	185 min (pack)
Distributor 	SAV
Discs 	1/3
Region 	free
Languages 	Dolby Digital Stereo: English, Spanish
Video 	Pal 16:9
Subtitles 	Spanish
Description
The idea, in essence, is simple. Imagine the world millions of years in the future, without the overbearing presence of mankind.  The stories yet to be told are sure to be extraordinary and intriguing. 

The Future is Wild team began by consulting geologists. The movements of Earths' landmasses in the past have been thoroughly reconstructed. Using this information it is possible to predict how continents will continue to move.  Next climatologists can start to build the plants and ecosystems into our future maps. This information in the hands of biologists enabled them to fill all the future lifestyles with new animal species.

The end result is a rich fantasy world, made all the more exciting by the fact that it could really happen. No event or animal in The Future is Wild is outside the realms of possibility. A world this detailed could not be constructed by just one person. It has taken experts in the fields of geology, marine biology, neurobiology, biomechanics, botany, insects, evolution, mass extinctions and many others to create this world. Their ideas and feedback have been harnessed by an award-winning team of Natural History documentary makers. They brought the animals to life through the creation of stories that examined the new creatures behaviour. The process was now complete, and the "simple" idea was ready to be shared with the world. 

The Future is Wild takes a revolutionary approach to evolution. A team of award winning natural history documentary makers has combined with an international team of scientists to create credible worlds based 5 million years, 100 million years and 200 million years in the future. 

The habitats and the creatures that inhabit them are astonishing but are made completely believable through highly sophisticated computer-generated art. The viewer is treated to a dramatic, fresh perspective on ecology, natural history, geology and the science of the future. 

 DVD 1/3 5 Million Years from now; another Ice Age
The world is deep into the new ice age. So much water is locked up in the icecaps that
sea levels across the world have dropped by 150 metres. Ice covers most of North
America and reaches down into Northern Europe. The Mediterranean Sea has dried up.

Other features

Interactive Menus, Chapter Selection, Making of, Photo gallery


