Artist   : VA
Title    : Cafe Nirvana: The Cream Of Lounge Cuisine
Genre    : Lo-Fi
Source   : CDDA
Label    : Park Lane
URL      : www.parklanerecordings.com
Street Date : MAR-07-2005
Quality  : VBRkbps    44,1   kHz    Joint-Stereo
Covers Included

Tracks : 

CD1  60:16
01 ³ Bent -Sunday Boy                             
02 ³ Ultra Nate -Twisted (4Hero rmx)             
03 ³ Paul Dimension -Lake Palace                  
04 ³ Ikon -Mogul Modal                            
05 ³ Mr Haywood pres. The White Room -Thinking About You                                     ³      ºÛ
06 ³ Grand National -Peanut Dreams                
07 ³ Bynoral -Midore Omoide                       
08 ³ Chunking -Les Fleurs                          
09 ³ Shawn Lee -Happiness                          
10 ³ Kimbu Kimra -Raise The Dead                  
11 ³ Quantic -So Long (feat. Alice Russell)

CD2  56:56
01 ³ Fug -Recently Moved                           
02 ³ Doctor Rockit -Cafe De Flore                
03 ³ Badmarsh -Easin'In                           
04 ³ Floris -One More Day                         
05 ³ Fila Brazilia -Septentrion                    
06 ³ Ambrozia -Baby Come Back                      
07 ³ Io -Bisma (Lux Remix)                         
08 ³ Josee -Days In Life                           
09 ³ Dos Hombres -The Alkemyst                     
10 ³ Outside -Blue Sky                             
11 ³ Neon Heights -Listen To The Music

Parklane Recordings presents another chill-out, lounge, lifestyle compilation for the ever growing global bar and café culture society. In the vein of One World?s Zen Connection series and Buddha Bar, Café Nirvana brings together some renowned names in the dance music world such as Bent, Doctor Rockit a.k.a. Matthew Herbert, Chungking, Fila Brazillia, Ultra Nate and more. Mostly vocal tracks, the double CD has a diverse myriad of downbeat sounds on offer, and is more organic than much of the electronic elevator music available on other new-age chill-out compilations. 
From the Irish vocal styling on Bent?s Sunday Boy, reminiscent of The Cranberries and Sinead O?Connor, to the Indian sitar-laced and bhangra vibes on Baul Dimension, Badmarsh and Outside tracks; to jazzy scatting on Ikon?s Mogul Modal, to dreamy cascading house courtesy of Mr Haywood and IO; Latin flicks via Shawn Lee 
and Dos Hombros, and downbeat vocal funk on Grand National?s Peanut Dreams and Outside?s Blue Sky, there are bass beats to invigorate, lyrics to tug the heartstrings and melodies to float away to aplenty.
There are romantic crooning love sick boys, sexy swaggering femmes, gleaming harmonising flower children and sweet ethereal humming fairies! At times you feel like you?ve stepped into a ?70s hippie musical ? thanks to Neon Heights Listen To The Music and Chungking?s Les Fleurs particularly, while Kimbu Kimra?s Raise The Dead brings you back to the present with some funky percussive deep house beats. It?s no surprise that Doctor Rockit?s installment of the classic French sounding Café De Flore brings some much-awaited swing to the compilation. Other highlights are Fila Brazilla?s subtle nostalgic grooves on Septentrio, Josee?s beautifully lazy Days In Life and Dos Hombres cascading filters and Latin guitar on The Alkemyst track.


 
Enjoy It!
Ulysses56