Integrated, Real-Time Protection against viruses, worms, trojans, spyware, adware, phishing, and hackers. Best detection, fastest performance & smallest footprint.

Comprehensive Protection
NOD32 is a single, highly optimized engine that works as a unified Anti-Threat system to protect against a broad spectrum of malware. Viruses, worms, spyware, and other malicious attacks, which are constantly evolving. ESET NOD32 utilizes patent-pending ThreatSense Technology to detect tomorrow's threats in real-time, by analyzing code execution for malicious intent - keeping you ahead of the malware-writers.

Proactive Real-Time Detection
The best security is proactive. Malware protection must be real-time at the point of impact. Every minute one waits for a virus signature update creates a window of vulnerability that could have devastating consequences. ESET NOD32's ThreatSense Technology closes the window of vulnerability left open by other reactive, signature-based antivirus vendors.

NOD32 analyzes application execution in real-time for malicious intent to detect and block over 90% of new malware threats proactively, without the need for signature updates in most cases. Most other vendors release signatures hours after their customers have been victimized and submitted samples.

Integrated Protection
Viruses, worms, adware, and spyware can and should be detected by a single engine. A well-designed, integrated application like ESET NOD32 can detect adware, spyware, viruses, rootkits, and other malicous attacks. Running separate applications for viruses, hackers, adware, and spyware can slow your PC, be difficult to manage, and provide questionable protection. Beware of large, bloated internet security suites that consume hundreds of megabytes on your PC. These typically exist because vendors have acquired products and 'bundled' them together. In contrast, ESET NOD32 was designed from the core as a single, highly-optimized engine to stop malware.

Protection against threats from multiple input vectors is provided by the following modules:

Antivirus MONitor (AMON)
An on-access (memory-resident) scanner, which automatically scans files before they're accessed.

NOD32
An on-demand scanner, which can be run manually on specific files or disk segments. It can also be scheduled to run during off-peak times.

Internet MONitor (IMON)
A memory-resident scanner that runs on the Winsock level to prevent infected files from reaching the computer's disks. Its scans internet web browsing traffic (HTTP) and incoming e-mail via the POP3 protocol.

E-mail MONitor (EMON)
An auxiliary module for scanning incoming/outgoing e-mails via the MAPI interface, such as Microsoft Outlook Microsoft Exchange.

Document MONitor (DMON)
Utilizes the proprietary Microsoft API for scanning Microsoft Office documents (including Internet Explorer).

Fast Performance
Great detection doesn't have to slow down your computer. Written largely in assembly language, NOD32 continually wins awards for the fastest performance of any antivirus application, on average 2 to 5 times faster than the competition (source: Virus Bulletin). Switch to NOD32 and upgrade your computer's performance.

Minimal Performance Impact
NOD32 conserves resources on disk and in memory, leaving more for your critical applications. The installer is just 8.6 MB and the application takes up less than 20 MB in memory (this fluctuates with changes to the detection technology). ThreatSense updates, which includes heuristics logic and signatures, are usually between 20 kB and 50 kB. Switch to NOD32 and reclaim precious resources.

Easy to Manage
Program and database updates are automaticaly performed behind the scenes. If you're an individual or home office user you can just 'set it and forget it.' Businesses and organizations with large distributed networks can use the powerful Remote Administrator to centrally deploy, install, monitor and manage thousands of NOD32 workstations and servers.

Piratpalatset.se