APPLICATION : Gamani GIF Movie Gear v4.1.2 Incl. Keygen
	 OS : Win
       TYPE : Image Application
        WWW : http://www.gamani.com
    RELDATE : 13/07/2006
 PROTECTION : Serial
 CRKRELDATE : 16/05/2007

INSTALLATION: Install.
              Run keygen.exe to generate your serial.

       NOTES: i know it's an old application.. been cracked / keygenned before.
              this app. killed some of my sparetime anyway.. great.. enjoy! / ONY

ABOUT:

GIF Movie Gear is going to change the way you create GIF animations. Building on an intuitive user interface, 
GIF Movie Gear adds powerful tools to help you get your animations in gear. This is a professional level tool 
for the professional Web designer.

Easy-to-use intuitive interface that lets you see all the frames at once and to use the mouse to interact 
directly with the frames (screen shot).

Multiple selection of frames for easy manipulation of more than one frame at a time. And because of the 
superior interface, you can see which frames you have selected.

Control of all aspects of animation from delays to removal methods to palette management directly from the 
toolbar (screen shot).

Edit Timing quickly and easily directly in the preview window, either frame by frame or using relative or 
absolute global changes (screen shot).

LiveEdit lets you edit a frame or the whole animation (as layers in Photoshop) directly in the image editor 
of your choice. Changes saved in the editor appear automatically in GMG.

24-Bit Color support to let you build animations (AVI) without losing any color data. Also useful for icon 
files and for PSD, PNG, BMP, and JPEG manipulation.

Palette reduction with a before-and-after animated view to help get your file size down while maintaining 
the animation's image quality (see example).

Inter-frame optimization to shrink the file size even more (see example).

Blend Two Animations frame by frame to easily generate a composite animation. It's never been easier to put 
two animations side by side or a new background behind a sprite animation.

etc. etc.