Season 1 Episodes

Episode 1: Pilot
Our tale begins. Yugi and Kaiba face-off in a duel.

Episode 2: Rocky VII
Pegasus forces Yugi to battle in the Shadow Realm.

Episode 3: My Cards Will Go On
The gang travel to Duellist Kingdom on a luxurious cruise ship, but onboard shenanigans commence.

Episode 4: Lord of the Cards
Our heroes arrive at the island, but soon discover that they are not alone when someone is found to be missing from the flight manifest.

Episode 5: My Funny Skankentine
Joey must duel against a pair of breasts attached to a woman... with ESP.

Episode 6: Everybody Hates Mako
The gang come across a freaky fish guy with poor social skills.

Episode 7: Cliffhanger
Yugi doesn't stand a ghost of a chance against his next opponent!

Episode 8: The Plot Thinnens
Joey finally gets an episode to prove his worth... and fails miserably...

Episode 9: El Juegos De Tarjeta
Will Yugi have to give up his title as Main Character? Will Bakura stop being so british? Will FOX give Zorc & Pals the chance it deserves? Find out all this and MORE in this episode!

Episode 10: Both Of You, Duel Like You Want To Win
Yugi must duel against an insane pyromaniac who likes to play a children's card game.

Episode 11: ... In America
The greatest country on the face of the earth... I wish they didn't throw me out... I miss it badly...

Episode 12: Duel of the Dead
Joey doesn't stand a ghost of a chance when he is up against Zombies.

Episode 13: Busted Rhymes
Bakura gets a bloody good idea on how to rescue everyone! Whodathunk it?

Episode 14: When Yami Met Sally
Its Kaiba vs. Yugi.... again.. in a children's card game... why do they make us suffer like this?

Episode 15: Card Wars
Mai is challenged to a duel by none other than... Ta?

Episode 16: Fanservice
In the dead of the night, the minor characters decide to seize their chance to shine and go off to have an adventure.

Episode 17: We Interrupt This Broadcast
Everyone's battling for a spot in the final round of Duelist Kingdom, but who will make it through? Surely it would NEVER be Yugi, that would be way too obvious...

Episode 18: Turn Around, Bright Eyes
The duel between Yugi and Pegasus commences, but they're not the only ones getting themselves into a bit of action.

Episode 19: Jagshamesh!
Pegasus is greeted by an evil villain and Yugi receives a visit from a crazy Egyptian.

Episode 20: The Rebexorcist
Little girls, possessed teddy bears and card games, no... it's not the plot to the next horrible Ring sequel movie... it's just another episode of The Abridged Series!

Episode 21: Massively Multiplayer Online Children's Card Game
The gang walk into an episode of Reboot when they are thrown into a virtual world in order to rescue Kaiba.

Episode 22: Shine On, You Crazy Devlin
Duke Devlin is on the scene and he challenges Yugi to play his extremely original dice game.

Episode 23: Yami of Darkness
Yugi's puzzle is stolen when the very force of evil itself tries to take over the world.

Episode 24: Egyptian Exhibition Expo 2007
Kaiba receives a phone call from someone claiming to be Deep Throat... oh wait, that's All The President's Men. Kaiba gets a call from Ishizu Ishtar, promising to inform him of the show's plot. Cue lots an lots of expository dialogue. Can we make this funny? Only one way to found out...

Episode 25: Dirty Dueling
Téa and Yami go on a date, with typically disastrous consequences. Ever see the movie 50 First Dates? Neither have we. But we imagine this episode is a lot like that movie. Except with just the one date. And no Adam Sandler. But that's a sacrifice we're willing to make.



Special Episodes!

Christmas Special
Kaiba takes on the role of Scrooge and is shown how to change his evil ways by three opaque ghosts.

Cr@psule Monsters 1
What is this? No one remembers ANYTHING about Duel Monsters or the tournament? This is MADNESS! No... this is Capsule Monsters!

Marik's Evil Council of Doom
Marik Ishtar and friends plan to conquer Yugi Mutou. If they can keep themselves from killing each other, that is.