original film name: Spiderman 3 
film studio name: Marvel/Columbia
Date Original Film Was Released: 04 May 2007
Date Edit Was Released: 01 NOV 2007
Original Runtime : 140 min
New Runtime : 130 min
Amount of time Cut/Added : 10 minutes

Cuts removed/added/extended :

Cut Opening Night on Broadway 
Moved Harry Gas Chamber scene 
Cut Vibrating Desk 
Mary Jane and Harry boogie while making omlettes. 
Cut Disco Pete 
Added new music for phone convo with Conners 
Cut Jazz Pete 
Cut most of news anchor and correspondent play-by-play 
Modulated Venom?s Voice 

DVD details:

static menu with audio 

NTSC 2.35:1 Widescreen 
5.1 AC-3 Audio (English) 
static menu with audio 
cover and disc art in ROM part 
Your intention for this fanedit:

Remove campiness. 
Additional Comment: 

I thought about this from opening day at the theatre until release day of the DVD. 
Sam Raimi, Toby Maguire & company have delivered Spider-Man in an incredibly entertaining way for kids and kids-at-heart alike. The blockbuster success of the series is a testament to the respect they?ve shown for the comics and generations of fans. Yet, with the third installment, this superhero flick followed so many genre predecessors? third outings by going campy. In what was supposed to be the darkest chapter of our favorite webslinger?s life, Emo Spidey was cheapened by Disco Pete and Bleeding Gums Parker, to say nothing of vibrating desks, annoying news correspondents, obnoxious kids, and a slow start overall. For Bruce Campbell enthusiasts, don?t worry, his obligatory scene has been spared from cutting because, well, he?s Bruce Campbell. He offered the best levity in a movie that needed to be heavy elsewhere.I?ve tried to rework the opening so the film gets to the point faster and is clutter-free. The campier elements are gone throughout the film and some new ideas are tried so that you feel Peter?s descent as he battles the darkness within. This movie FEELS like it belongs with the other two now. 


Time needed for the edition: 

2 days


persons involved: ADigitalMan


WWW.FANEDIT.ORG
