"Heroes" is similar to Marvel's "X-Men," in that its characters discover they have different powers. But where "X-Men" is driven more by action and plot, "Heroes" is more character-driven.

The show focuses on an ensemble of eight characters, each of whom have a different power. Claire Bennett is a high school cheerleader with the power of spontaneous regeneration, DL Hawkins has the power to phase through matter, Isaac Mendez is a brilliant artist who can paint the future, Hiro Nakamura is the office worker who can bend and travel through space-time, LAPD Officer Matt Parkman has the power of telepathy, Nathan Petrelli is the ambitious politician who can fly, his brother Peter is an in-home nurse with the ability to absorb others' powers when he is near them, and Niki Sanders has super strength.

But what separates "Heores" from most shows and movies is that each of our heroes are uniquely flawed. Claire, like most high school seniors, frequently forgets who her real friends are. DL is running from the law. Isaac is addicted to heroin, and can only see the future when he is high. The wonderfully geeky Hiro used his power for personal gain. Matt is dyslexic and has marital problems. Nathan cares more about his career than his family, particularly Peter, who suffers from depression. And Niki, a single mom and internet stripper, has a brutally violent alter-ego.

Parents be warned: "Heroes" deals with some very mature subject matter, including rape, infidelity, drug addiction, and mental illness, and the show is rather graphic. But it is smartly written and very well acted, with deep characters you'll actually care about.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

This pack contains various scene releases.
All of them are from a HDTV quality source encoded in XviD with AC3.5.1 sound.

The unaired pilot is pretty much a crappier version of episode 1x01 but should satisfy heroes fans like myself with our need to collect everything.  The guy who I downloaded it from only said he got it off a friend who ripped it off some DVD.

The trailers I find are cool but be warned!  Don't watch them unless you've seen up to that episode the trailer is about.  This pack also contains the trailer for the next episode airing on april 23.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

I'll be seeding this until there's a respectible amount of seeders.  Please don't make comments like...SEED!.  I am. If u want to learn more about torrents try sites like thepeergroup.net they're a friendly site that teaches you about torrent sites and a place where you can get invites.

For those who have trouble playing these, I recommend VLC (http://www.videolan.org/vlc/) overall.  But alternatively the mkv pack (http://packs.matroska.org/) works well.