THIS IS A RESEEDED TORRENT.

Part 4:
Does society treat men and women differently? You may not like the
unsettling answers you'll find in "Passages Of Life". Compare the way
different cultures deal with boys and girls as they grow up. Some believe
male circumcision began as an ancient Egyptian snake worship ritual to
ensure immortality. In the Middle East, puberty brings a girl her first
veil; in Yemen, a boy his first grown-up dagger. Watch young women turned
into ladies at an etiquette school in England, and young men turned into
killers by the U.S. Marine Corps. Witness a marriage celebration in a
small Greek village - where a dowry still makes a difference. Passages
Of Life might make you feel better about growing up... or worse.

Part 5:
In today's world, is it rougher to be a mother... or a father? Will it
ever be possible to balance work and motherhood? No matter what you
currently believe, "The Material Dilemma" will surprise you with new
insight. See working mothers in Japan and England who leave their
children at day-care centers. Discover the "granny solution" in Greece.
Explore the "paternal solution" with stay-at-home fathers in America.
Have dinner with a man from Utah who has several wives: some raise
children while others pursue careers. Compare women who work in fields
with babies at their side, to Western women trying to balance kids and
a career. It'll soon become clear that The Material Dilemma is something
everybody shares. 

Part 6:
Do you know what side of the Battle Of The Sexes you're on? You might
be stunned by this eye-opening look at the recent struggle for equality
between the sexes. Originally, there was a primitive balance between the
sexes, but when people left the village for the city, the natural
balance disappeared. Find out the origin of honeymoons and other tools
of male dominance like wedding rings and female circumcision. Travel to
Finland for the annual wife-carrying contest celebrating the capture of
women from other villages. Follow the rise of feminism, from 
turn-of-the-century suffragettes to the National Organization for Women.
Visit the front lines of the gender wars with female stock traders and
female firefighters who parachute into blazing California forests. Pay
attention: what you learn here may just help you survive "The Gender
Wars".
