Movies : Comedy : DVD Rip : English
"10" 

10 is a 1979 romantic comedy film directed by Blake Edwards and starring Bo Derek, Dudley Moore and Julie Andrews. Considered a trend-setting film at the time, and one of the year's biggest box office hits, the movie made Derek a superstar and also revived the film career of Dudley Moore. The title derives from a rating system used by people to rank members of the opposite sex based upon beauty, with a 10 being the epitome of attractiveness. It came into common usage as a result of this film. Ironically, in the film, Bo Derek's character ranks in Moore's eyes as an "11." Also popularized was the classical music piece Boléro by Ravel, which is identified as a piece of music ideal for background music when making love. Derek later appeared in a film of the same name in order to capitalize upon its use in this movie. 

The film was one of the first major films to shoot alternate versions of scenes in order to facilitate network television broadcast with a minimum of censorship. In the case of 10, this included filming two versions of scenes where Moore's character uses a telescope to spy on his male neighbor, another wealthy Beverly Hills resident who lives down the hill and regularly hosts parties with many nude women. In the theatrical version, porn actress Annette Haven plays the neighbor and appears nude; the TV version substitutes an uncredited, blonde actress who keeps at least a swimsuit on. Similarly, in the version shown in theaters, when Bo Derek's character puts on Ravel's Bolero, she says that it's the perfect music to f-word, whereas the version shown on television substitutes "make love" for the "f-word." 

Taglines: 

A temptingly tasteful comedy for adults who can count. 
Just when you thought it was safe to go back in the water... (UK one-sheet) 

Plot Summary 

The surprise party for songwriter George Webber's 42nd birthday is not pleasant. Like many men, he cannot cope with middle age. Despite the presence of his lover Samantha Taylor (played by Julie Andrews), he accidentally runs into a "10," the apparently virginal Jenny Miles, en route to her wedding. Instantly obsessed, he follows her to the church in order to capture a second glimpse of her astounding beauty. 

Some hilarious and painful scenes follow. George visits the priest and, through subtle conversation, learns Jenny's name and that her father is a prominent Beverly Hills dentist. George then goes to Jenny's father's office, and while in the dentist's chair, he again uses subtle conversation to lead the dentist into disclosing that his daughter and her husband went to Mexico for their honeymoon. Also, his visit to the dentist was not as routine as he had expected, for the examination revealed that he had a mouthful of cavities, requiring the dentist to spend the entire afternoon inserting fillings in George's teeth. Afterwards, he had difficulty eating, drinking, and speaking due to his swollen mouth and use of painkillers. 

After many comical scenes (like when he joins his neighbor's latest party and uses his neighbor's telescope to spy on his own house, only to see his girlfriend is using his telescope at the same moment and very much sees him), he decides to follow the newlyweds to their exclusive hotel in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. 


Bo Derek as a "10"Jenny, suntanned and dressed in a one-piece swimsuit, inspires George's fantasies to a new level, but he still remains anonymous. 

One hot day, George notices that David, Jenny's husband, has fallen asleep on his surfboard. Pretending to inquire about renting a surfboard (another example of his use of subtle conversation to trick people into revealing things), George learns that beyond a certain point are powerful currents that can sweep a swimmer or surfer away, perhaps to where the victim will never be found. George rents a catamaran, saves David, and becomes a hero. David is badly sunburned and stays in the hospital, allowing Jenny and George to spend time alone together. 

George unexpectedly finds all of his fantasies fulfilled, but faced with the unforseen consequences of embarking on such an affair, he learns that youth and beauty are not everything. 


Main cast 
Dudley Moore - George Webber 
Julie Andrews - Samantha Taylor 
Bo Derek - Jenny Miles 
Robert Webber - Hugh 
Brian Dennehy - Don, the bartender 
Dee Wallace-Stone - Mary Lewis 
Sam J. Jones - David Hanley 

Link Here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/10_(film) 

