Artist.......: Babyshambles
Album........: Live de la Semaine
Label........: n/a
Genre........: Indie
Catnr........: n/a
Source.......: DVBS
Rip.date.....: nov.-28-2007
Str.date.....: nov.-26-2007
Quality......: VBR/44,1Hz/Joint-Stereo
Url..........: www.babyshambles.net

track  title                                          time

       Live de la Semaine

 01.   Babyshambles - Intro
 02.   Babyshambles - Delivery
 03.   Babyshambles - You talk
 04.   Babyshambles - Unbilotitled
 05.   Babyshambles - Carry on up the morning
 06.   Babyshambles - Unstookie titled
 07.   Babyshambles - Side of the road
 08.   Babyshambles - Baddie's boogie
 09.   Babyshambles - Ending


                                            Runtime  27:59 min
                                            Size     36,6 MB


Release Notes:

Recorded : November 26, 2007 (Canal+)

Formed in spring 2004, just as the Libertines were
beginning to fall apart, Babyshambles became the main
vessel for Pete Doherty's poetic, chaotic rock when he was
ousted from the Libertines for his increasing drug use and
erratic behavior. Babyshambles released their self-titled
debut 7" in April 2004, and settled on the lineup of
Doherty, guitarist Patrick Walden, bassist Drew McConnell,
and drummer Gemma Clarke by that summer. That fall, things
went relatively smoothly for the band, with a sold-out
U.K. tour and the release of a second single,
Killamangiro, on the Libertines' former label, Rough
Trade. But by December, the band had to cancel or halt
shows because Doherty was unable to perform; one of these
sudden cancellations sparked a riot at the London Astoria.
Clarke left the band early in 2005 and was replaced with
new drummer Adam Ficek.

Despite the band's ongoing tumult -- which included
Doherty's arrest for allegedly assaulting and blackmailing
documentarian Max Carlish (these charges were dropped that
spring) -- Babyshambles began work on their first album.
Teaming up with former Libertines producer Mick Jones, the
band worked on the album through the spring and summer of
2005 and released the single Fuck Forever that August as a
teaser for the full-length. Down in Albion was released in
the U.K. that fall and Babyshambles toured in support of
it, although the band canceled almost as many gigs as it
actually performed. Doherty's wild behavior continued and
his numerous run-ins with the law, which included being
held on suspicion of stealing a car and possession of
class A drugs in early 2006 and being arrested three times
in one day, made Babyshambles' existence as perilous as
ever. Down in Albion was released in the U.S. that spring.
The Blinding EP arrived in fall 2006. Shotter's Nation,
Babyshambles' first full-length for EMI/Parlophone,
arrived the following fall, boasting more polished
production and focused songwriting.

