Review from Asian Cinema Drifter

My Little Bride (2004)

Clocking in at almost two hours that you never want to end, My Little Bride is simply just what Korean romantic comedy needs at a time of trite formula and My Sassy Girl rip-offs. As the second biggest domestic film of 2004, it shows its right to be there in spite of a slightly offbeat story and change of pace from your average film of the genre, which could have disagreed with your common viewer. Kim Ho-joon has crafted an infectious debut that knows what the viewer wants, gives it to us for almost the entire running time, and quickly zips through the required melodrama in breakneck speed, while sprinkling some drama throughout the film. 

College wanna-be playboy Park Sang-min arrives home to meet his childhood friend Boeun, now a fifteen year old girl in high school, who’s also been called home for an important family matter. Boeun’s grandfather started a friendship with Sang-min’s grandfather years ago during war, and before Sang-min’s grandfather died, they agreed to have their children marry. A problem arose after the death because they both had sons, so Boeun’s grandfather decided to pass down the pact to the next generation, so he could keep his promise with his friend when he meets him in death. Boeun’s grandfather, “allegedly” on his deathbed, gets the two families to agree, and springs it on Sang-min and Boeun to their dismay, and they immediately refuse. Soon, out of guilt and promise, they do get married, but between Boeun’s high-school life and Sang-min’s not-so-surprising position, they’ve somehow got to figure out how to live with each other. 

The fun all seems to start when Boeun is referred to as a girl, and she claims that in the old days, women her age would be married by that time. What a perfect prelude to grandfather’s question. While it may seem like taboo to match a college student up with a fifteen-year-old girl, especially when the guy initially seems borderline perverted, the naivity of most of the relationship is one of the more endearing qualities of the film. The actors have that compatibility to give you the feeling of their being child-hood friends, and the movie always continues on giving information and backstory even as it comes to a close. It feels a bit like a Bollywood movie in pacing as the characters are stuck working their problems out for a long period where drama keeps flowing in and delivering a little more detail about the characters. 

The pacing and script written by Yu Sun-il is one of prime contributors to the appeal of the film. Instead of taking a clean-cut, hour for comedy, half hour for teary romance route; it simply follows the lives of the two characters inserting bits of everything constantly and never letting up. Then, when it seems it’s going to sink into melodrama, it just hovers above it, dipping in minimally and never feeling painful because of our love for the characters. 

The whole appeal to the film depends on the wonderfully drawn-out characters, be it the frustrated-but-good-guy-at-heart Sang-min, or the innocent and annoyed Boeun. Kim Rae-won as Sang-min can win you over easily even when he initially feels that he’s only chosen for his looks. He’s got that same presence as Kyun-woo, from My Sassy Girl, being able to stand his ground and play the nice guy giving attention to the girl. Here it’s a bit more evenly leveled, as we’re committed equally to both characters in focus. Moon Geun-young is the more appealing though, as the girl looking to protect her reputation and have a relationship with the high-school jock she has a crush on, but also trying to balance it with her respect for her family. She has a stirring amount of energy, a fine amount of glowing faces and the ability to play the girl she is and the woman her family wants her to be. The supporting cast blends in perfectly too, as Boeun’s mother portrays the exact emotions you can expect in that position, complaining to her husband how her daughter isn’t ready. Or the students of Boeun’s school smittin with Sang-min’s good looks. The teacher who keeps punching Sang-min because she thinks he’s a pervert when Boeun’s friend talks to him. They all add just the right amount, keeping tons of plot points open to just float around and come into play whenever it can flow right in. 

All in all, My Little Bride is a surprising jolt to the genre with a perfect script that doesn’t fall victim to the cookie cutter formula. It manages to address thematic issues amidst all the fun as well, dealing with the cultural perspective of this odd marriage , the "sugar-daddy" perceptions and the high respect the main characters give to their elders to even enter into the marriage in the first place. While maintaining that feel-good mood that rarely lets up except for the bits of drama and well-crafted plot twists, My Little Bride stands up very close to My Sassy Girl in appeal, and surpasses it in innovation. While My Sassy Girl is still on a high pedestal, unyielding in giving the position up, the surprise in having such a fun time with My Little Bride is enough to give it a little wobble and revive interest in the potential future of the genre. 



~ Tuna 

