It’s been a really long time since any combat flight simulation has garnered as much anticipation as Eagle Dynamics' Lock On: Modern Air Combat. Famed for their previous work in the highly respected Flanker series, the Russian developers continue the tradition in giving us what we’ve come to expect from them and more. 

For starters, LOMAC features five flyable aircraft: the F-15C, the A-10 Warthog, the Mig-29 Fulcrum, the Sukhoi-25 and -27 with an extra naval Flanker variant, the Su-33. All of which sport hi-fidelity physics and flight modeling. Unlike other simulations that give us a survey feel with multiple aircraft and generic modeling or the one centric simulation that focuses on one specific aircraft, all of the models in LOMAC are reputed to be highly accurate. In fact, several of the aircraft have been tested and verified by current and former air force pilots.

The single CD sports a 1.2 gigabyte footprint on your hard drive and retail packages come with a rather skimpy keycard and a 130-odd-page PDF manual. Being very much a pen and paper person, I’ve often expressed displeasure in having to refer to PDF manuals for information. Additionally, I feel somewhat indignant when paying full retail for a product and not getting something like the manual, especially important in titles like these, in a paperback format. Granted, the retail price may have influenced the economics here - given that most titles these days at retail cost about fifty dollars, LOMAC comes in at ten bucks less, thus softening any further displeasure. The good news here is that the manual is far from incomplete; it’s been written in an organized and concise fashion. Most of everything you need to know and comprehend is available for perusal – and if specific topics need to be addressed, various chapter points and their assorted topics are easily referenced. Certain segments such as avionics familiarization can be daunting especially when there are several different cockpits and sub-modes to be accustomed to. 

The manual however, doesn’t include much about the game’s menu-driven system nor does it discuss the campaign system in any detail.

Reading only goes so far, and being cognizant about it, the developers have included in-game tutorials in the form of training tracks that greatly aid in visualization and further understanding. It should be noted that both forms of instruction are required if you plan on mastering any one of the featured aircraft. The tracks allow you to view the material as well as “jump in” and assume control of the aircraft. You’d find going back and forth between the manual and tutorials to be a very rewarding proposition. I can’t express enough how elated I was when things “connected” as a result of doing a little homework and how far this will take you in your LOMAC experience. There’s nothing worse than not knowing your “how-to’s” when you’re in the thick of it with an aggressor bearing down on you, after realizing that the proverbial “turn n’ burn” technique you’re so fond of isn’t cutting it… 

Needless to say, this isn’t a flight simulation that you’ll put away or shelf in a week. Even the hardest of the ‘hardcore’ would require refresher courses to get the most out of LOMAC. The simulation is also accessible to novice pilots too - there’s something for everyone at every level here. We’ve had several playable builds in here for a few months now and sometimes, it feels like we’ve only just scratched the surface. The avionics and tutorials are but a few testaments to the depth that you’ll find in LOMAC.

Upon starting up the simulation, you’re offered six instant action type missions and several options within a cockpit cleverly disguised as a user interface:
 

Show Replay

Training

Open Mission

Mission Editor

Network Play

Campaign

Fast Battle Planner

Options

Encyclopedia

Pilot Log Book
 

Training is pretty self explanatory and is segmented by aircraft for familiarization purposes. Also included within this section are basic and “Top Gun” maneuvers. The Encyclopedia is more of a reference guide in 3D that will get you acquainted with the vast assortment of weapons, vehicles and aircraft you’ll encounter. If logging your flight time is your thing, you can add your own logs to the log book, and upon closer examination, you’ll find the key members of the development team and their pictures in there too. The user interface isn’t as simplistic as others that have come by of late, but it’s not counter intuitive either. Veterans of the Flanker series would be very comfortable here – LOMAC’s interface comes as a big improvement over the ones in Eagle Dynamic’s previous offerings.

The Open Mission, Mission Editor and Fast Battle Planner (FBP) options are all somewhat related. You can create a scenario in the FBP, then save it, open it and play it later on down the road, or use the editor to make the necessary changes. Those missions can then be shared across the internet, further ‘enhanced’ thru editing and tweaking. The FBP is the key to your tactical engagements – you can set up specific adversaries with corresponding skills, and then edit the whole mission out and add your own supporting flight, ground troops/vehicles and before you know it, you’ve got a full-blown dramatic scenario on your hands. All of which would certainly help extend the replay ability of the game over the years. This is in part the heart of the simulation. How far your experience with LOMAC goes would depend on how willing you are to create your own custom missions.

The other key part of the simulation is the non-dynamic campaign system. Based on a hypothetical conflict between forces in the Crimean region, the tours will have both A2A and A2G based campaigns, one of each from both sides. The aircraft-specific campaigns feature only the F-15, the A-10, the SU-27 and SU-25. This stuck me as a little odd seeing how we have a flyable Mig-29 and there’s no campaign for it. From the missions I have tried, each sortie will take a good 30 – 40 minutes to complete; from pre-flight, weapon selection, taking off and landing – assuming that you make it that far. There are about 20 odd missions to complete.

