War Of The Worlds - The Extinctive Cut by CBB

original film name: War of the worlds
film studio name: Dreamworks, Paramount
Date Original Film Was Released: 23 JUN 2005
Date Edit Was Released: 24 Jan 2006
Original Runtime: 116 min
New Runtime: 91 min
Amount of time Cut/Added: 30 min cut 8 min added

What is it about? Tim Robbins was removed from the movie. Also this edit contains a very different ending. This time we fight back.


Cuts removed/added/extended:

   1. removed intro sequence and Morgan Freeman speech - we love MF but his speech was pathetic and too much 50s style. We want our movie to have a today feeling, no fairytale stuff and no envious aliens. Of course they want our planet, but they havenâ??t been waiting and watching. We were just next on the list
   2. Added â??approaching earthâ?? scene from Independence Day - it looks just better than the earth scene in Wotw
   3. removed Ray racing through the streets when he is heading home - Tom Cruise showing off. No one would drive that way and risk his license like that. The scene was meant to introduce Rayâ??s character, but we do not want him like that. He is an asshole anyway.
   4. removed Harlon completely from the movie - sorry Tim Robbins, you did not fit into our edition, we couldnâ??t believe your madness and we definitely did not want Ray to kill you.
   5. removed Ray arriving in Boston scene - there will be no Boston only as a dream of Ray.
   6. removed soldiers fighting the tripods scenes - soldiers will never be able to battle the tripods and win.
   7. removed people leaving the tunnel - the tunnel is not Greenbrier bunker facility in White Sulphur Springs but itâ??s the ARK in Missouri and has just one exit.
   8. added the ark scenes from Deep Impact - that is where Ray goes, that is where everybody goes who does not want to die.
   9. added Nuclear War from Terminator 2 and Terminator 3 - our grande finale, making the earth unusable for anyone, even aliens
  10. removed Morgan Freeman speech from the ending and played the final destruction shots vice versa - the first green seed is our first sign of life that is about to spread anew. Maybe some people are still alive
  11. moved Boston from the end to after the credits - it is a dream of Ray, once to be a hero

DVD - Features:

   1. Language: English
   2. Subtitles: English
   3. Trailer
   4. Trailershow
   5. 2 deleted scenes (30 min)
   6. Animated menus
   7. Scene Selection Menus
   8. Cover, Inlay and Disk Art
   9. presented in NTSC 16:9 1.85:1 anamorphic widescreen
  10. ac-3 2 channel sound
  11. original broadcast by Orson Welles including slideshow (60 min)

Conceptual improvements/advancements of edit over original:

WOTW had some extraordinary scenes of apocalypse, but not even these scenes did make the movie outstanding, because it was spoiled by a very bad ending and the madman sequence of Tim Robbins, which was just not fitting. Now we kept the apocalypse and added some more. Our humans do strike back. Desperately. Tim Robbins was completely removed from the movie (which was tough work and there still are some scenes where you can see him if you really look). We also had to improve Rays character from being a complete loser to a caring dad, who would take his daughter to a refuge. Overall we added several scenes from different movies to make our ending possible. There are of course no aliens to be seen in these scenes, still they fit kind of well.

Movies we used scenes from: Independence Day, Deep Impact, Terminator 2, Terminator 3
Movies we used only sound from: Broken Arrow (explosions, shots fired), Con Air (coughing and helicopter), Jaws (screams, babbling), Man On Fire (traffic), The Rock (Rockets)

Time needed for the edition
planning: 8 weeks
editing: 3 days
sound editing: 21 days
trailer: 1 day
DVD layout and features: 3 days
persons involved: 7