The best universal remote control software that covers all the  
   popular PalmOS based handhelds and lets you create your own    
                             remote!                              
                                                                  
  With NoviiRemote Deluxe on your handheld you can operate your   
 entire home entertainment system, including TV, VCR, Cable/Sat,  
                  TiVo, DVD player and more...                    
                                                                  
                          MAIN FEATURES                           
 Quick setup. The steps to set up NoviiRemote Deluxe are faster   
  and more intuitive. Get up and running in just a few moments!   
  Unlimited user-defined options let you design your own remote   
 control. Name and draw your own buttons or make your own button  
  layout! If you want the power button on the other side of the   
screen, move it there. If you want the 'Mute' button to be square 
 instead of round, change it. If you want the 'Record' button to  
                be blue instead of red, edit it.                  
  New! Programming multi-command macros to one button push. For   
example, you may create a macro that will turn on 3 devices with  
one button, switch your Cable TV for your favorite 155-th channel 
                     by the only click, etc.                      
   Easy navigation. Our interface allows two clicks access to     
               virtually any section of software.                 
About a hundred of pre-installed infrared codes for many popular  
devices (TVs, cable and satellite boxes and others). Just select  
   your device by means of the Add wizard and begin using the     
                             remote!                              
  If you want more infrared codes, just download 500 additional   
                           codes here.                            
       Want to learn more? Read additional features here.        