[img]http://img141.imageshack.us/img141/489/616isoemgvlss500pe3.jpg[/img]


The whole base of the album is that it is a tribute to Christopher Wallace (AKA - Notorious B.I.G). After the brief and frankly unnecessary intro the first track is Victory. This track has the kind of heavier beat and rap talking which is similar to that is used in track 10 â?? Itâ??s all about the Benjamins. The next track â?? Been around the world, has a much more upbeat tempo to it and really brings the album to life. Track 6, If I should die tonight (interlude), is more of a space filler than a track but it has a superb piano solo which is backed up by the words of Puffy. The nest landmark track is Itâ??s all about the Benjamins. This track has a hard hitting beat and some good rhymes but lacks the vocal gymnastics which I think an artist such as Nas or Tupac would have given the song.
The following tracks are basically a showboat for the vocal talents which Puff used to spice up this album. People such as Lilâ?? Kim, Notorious B.I.G, Ginuwine, Twista, The Lox, Foxy Brown, India, 112 and Faith Evans. Of course 112 and Faith Evans appear on the excellent, Iâ??ll be missing you which is a remake of the police song every breathe you take. The final track on the album is a very fast paced and well-suited track called canâ??t nobody hold me down. This track accompanies the rest of the album well and polishes off what is more of a compilation album than a solo one but is nonetheless a great album.

Artist : Puff Daddy and Family
Album : No Way Out
Label : Bad Boy
Genre : HIP HOP
Release Date : 1997
Size : 107MB
Audio Format : MP3
Bit Rate : Variable
Tracker

 	
TRACK LISTING

1. No Way Out (Intro) 	
2. Victory 	
3. Been Around The World 	
4. What You Gonna Do? 	
5. Don't Stop What You're Doing 	
6. If I Should Die Tonight (Interlude) 		
7. Do You Know? 		
8. Young G's 		
9. I Love You Baby 		
10. It's All About The Benjamins (Remix) 	
11. Pain 		
12. Is This The End? 		
13. I Got The Power 		
14. Friend 		
15. Senorita 		
16. I'll Be Missing You 	
17. Can't Nobody Hold Me Down