"I wish to report that this area has been cleared of landmines, and is safe for tourists!"

16 years' worth of video by David Mundstock, AKA "The Intrepid Berkeley Explorer", as shown on Berkeley (USA, California) Cable-Access television and streamed from his websites, featuring puckish humor and wacky music overlays. File sizes are smallish for good reason -- there's nearly twenty hours of programming.
 
http://adventurepics.com/IBE/video/video1.asp


Vikings, Tivoli and Trolls
Explore the Viking lands of Denmark, Sweden & Norway: Copenhagen's colorful Nyhavn Canal, the Little Mermaid, and entertainment at Tivoli; Stockholm stars the Vasa Museum, home to an ornate warship that immediately sank in 1628. Norway offers the beauty of its fjords, waterfalls gushing, a glacier, attractive Bergen, and trolls. In Oslo explore the Vigeland Sculpture Park, the Viking Ship Museum and diverse street performers. With historic houses, Viking (Stave) churches, and digital effects. (2006) 25 Minutes.

Castles of the Rising Sun
Explore the historic wonders of Japan, land of exquisite castles, temples and shrines. Starring Kyoto's Golden Pavilion, a pair of giant Buddhas, three National Treasure castles, Tokyo (Imperial Palace & the Ginza), Nara's spoiled deer, traditional Japanese entertainment, Hiroshima's Peace Park & the Floating Shrine, plus much more, including the world's best train system and digital effects. (2005) 33 minutes.

Napoleon Slept Here
A grand circle tour of France, beginning and ending in Paris, with Notre Dame, Pompidou Center, Eiffel Tower, Napoleon's Tomb, Sainte-Chapelle's stained glass & Paris at night; plus Roman sites at Nimes, the walls of Carcassonne, Lourdes, Palace of Chenonceau, the Bayeux Tapestry, and much more. (2004) 28 minutes; with music + digital effects.

Tango and Samba Falls
Highlights of Argentina and Brazil. Tango in Buenos Aires, meet Evita, watch Gaucho dancing from the Pampas; then the Argentina and Brazil sides of massive Iguazu Falls. In Rio de Janeiro, gaze at the views from famous mountain tops, look for the Girl from Ipanema at Rio's beaches, and take in a Samba show, where the costumes range from almost nothing to extremely elaborate. (2004) 23 minutes; digital effects.

Septemberfest
Tour Germany's best sites: Frankfurt's old town, Rhine River cruise, the Cologne Cathedral, Hamburg's canals & red-light district, Berlin (the Wall, other changes since 1990, major monuments), Dresden, Nuremberg, Dachau Concentration Camp Memorial, Munich (glockenspiel, beer hall & palaces), plus King Ludwig II's most famous castle. With digital effects and music. (2003) 32 minutes.

Gamelan, Garuda, and Ganesh
Bali & Java (Indonesia): Balinese dance, painting, shadow puppets, cremation ceremony, kite flying, plus Java's Buddhist and Hindu World Heritage Sites and the Ramayana Ballet. (2002) 37 minutes. (With Digital Effects.)

NEON NIGHTS
The Volcano erupts, Pirates battle, Fountains dance, as the Las Vegas hotel-casinos lure people to the slot machines by pretending to be Venice, Paris, Rome, Ancient Egypt, New York and Rio. Nights of Lights and Neon. (2002) 31 minutes

Gondola With the Wind 2
The Intrepid Berkeley Explorer is all over Italy, featuring Rome, Venice, Florence, Capri, Pompeii, Pisa, the Italian Riviera, the Italian Alps, Siena, Milan, and much more. (filmed in 2001; edited in 2002) 38 minutes.

Polar Bear Pueblo
New Mexico and Churchill, Manitoba, Canada in one movie, featuring the Carlsbad Caverns, Taos Pueblo, and the Polar Bear Capitol of the World (filmed in 2000; edited in 2002) 27 minutes.

The Inca Lost and Found
The Intrepid Berkeley Explorer searches Peru for Andean musicians. Featuring Machu Picchu, Lima, the Sacred Valley of the Incas, Cuzco & the Nazca Lines. (2000) 23 minutes.

Ho Asked Me to Go
The Intrepid Berkeley Explorer in Thailand, Cambodia, Vietnam, and Laos, featuring Bangkok, Angkor Wat, Cambodian court dancing, both north and south Vietnam (& Hanoi's water puppets), the Great Sacred Stupa of Laos, and Luang Prabang's temples (1999) 41 minutes.

From Flamenco to Fez
The Intrepid Berkeley Explorer in two continents, Europe & Africa; a trip that begins in Spain (Madrid, Toledo, Granada), crosses over to Morocco (featuring Fez and Marrakesh), back to Spain (Seville), and also Lisbon and Fatima in Portugal (1999) 32 minutes.

There's Something About Penguins
The Intrepid Berkeley Explorer survives Antarctica. Featuring 4 Penguin species, plus icebergs, glaciers, humpback whales, seals, and great natural beauty. (1999) 23 minutes.

What the Sultan Saw
The saga of Constantinople which became Istanbul, featuring the Roman, Byzantine, and Ottoman Empires, with Cappadocia (land of fairy chimneys), plus Ephesus, the Turkish Riviera, and the Intrepid Berkeley Explorer's attempt to shop for a magic flying carpet. (1998) 43 minutes

The Whale's Tale
See the friendly gray whales up close at the San Ignacio Lagoon, Baja California, Mexico. Touch a whale or kiss a whale; they like human contact. (1998) 14 minutes.

My Pub Runneth Over
The Intrepid Berkeley Explorer tours England (London, Stonehenge, Bath, Warwick Castle, Oxford), Wales, Ireland (kiss the Blarney Stone, gaze at the Cliffs of Moher, explore Dublin), and Scotland (bagpipes, Edinburgh, castles, the highlands, Loch Ness); interviews galore. (1997) 46 minutes.

The Last Emperor's Home Video
The Intrepid Berkeley Explorer discovers the glories of China: the Temple of Heaven, the Great Wall, the Forbidden City, giant pandas, the Grand Canal, Guilin's beauty, Xian's underground army of statues, Shanghai, plus Hong Kong & much more. (1996) 43 minutes.

Tsar Trek
Discover the new Russia at election time, featuring the glories of Tsar palaces in St. Petersburg, the Kremlin and St. Basil's Cathedral in Moscow, followed by the medieval capitols of the now independent Baltic States: Vilnius, Lithuania; Riga, Latvia; and Tallinn, Estonia. Capitalism is breaking out all over. (1996) 43 minutes.

Mayavision
Explore ancient Mayan cities in Honduras (Copan), Guatemala (Tikal), and Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula (Chichen Itza & Uxmal), plus Mexico City, with a visit to the Virgin of Guadalupe and the temples of Teotihuacan (home of the gods). (1995) 42 minutes.

Land of Milk and Chutzpah
Israel and Jordan: Jerusalem, Tel Aviv, Galilee, Golan Heights, Nazareth, Bethlehem, Masada, the Dead Sea, and the ancient glory of Petra, Jordan. Jewish, Moslem, and Christian holy sites. (1995) 44 minutes.

Gondola With the Wind
Italy and Eastern Europe: Rome, Pisa, Florence, Venice; followed by Vienna (Austria), Prague (Czech Republic), Warsaw & the saga of Poland (includes Auschwitz), Ukraine, and Budapest (Hungary). (1994) 46 minutes. (If you want Italy alone, watch "Gondola With the Wind 2" from 2001.

Kangaroo From Kakadu
An Australian safari, featuring the spectacular wildlife and scenery from down under, plus Uluru (Ayers Rock), the Great Barrier Reef, the Sydney Opera House, and Aboriginal dance, music & art. (1994) 41 minutes.

Gringo in the Galapagos
Ecuador's Highlands, colorful markets, Quito; trek through the Jungle; to the Galapagos Islands for personal visits with seals, iguana, blue-footed boobies, dolphins, the giant tortoise, and many more unusual creatures. (1993) 42 minutes.

Lava Luau
Visit the 5 major islands of Hawaii: The Big Island (Hawaii) with Volcanoes National Park and flowing lava; Maui - whale watching and the Haleakala Crater; Molokai's historic leper colony; Oahu - the Arizona Memorial and Diamond Head; Kauai, and the beauty of Waimea Canyon plus a helicopter ride over the lovely island. (1993) 41 minutes.

Manatees "R" Us
Guide to Florida: From Disneyworld to manatees, alligators, the Everglades, airboat & canoe rides, Key West, "art deco", and the Kennedy Space Center. (1992) 37 minutes.

I Follow Apollo
Highlights of Greece, including Athens, Olympia, monasteries in the sky at Meteora, Sparta, the Byzantine Empire, the islands of Mykanos and Santorini, plus much more. (1992) 50 minutes.

King Tut, Ramses, and Me
5,000 years in the making. The Intrepid Berkeley Explorer time travels through Egypt; featuring the Pyramids and a talking Sphinx, the temples of Luxor (Thebes), King Tut, and sailing on the Nile, + much more. (1992) 48 minutes.

Dances With National Parks
The great National Parks of South Dakota, Wyoming, Utah and Arizona, including: Mt. Rushmore, Grand Teton, Yellowstone, Bryce Canyon, Zion, Grand Canyon, Arches, and Monument Valley; with buffalo. (1991) 57 minutes.

India and Nepal
Visit all of India's leading historic sites: the Taj Mahal, Delhi, Red Fort, Khajuraho, Ajanta, Jaipur, Udaipur, & Varanasi; urban cows + tigers, elephants and camels; walk the streets of India's cities; plus Kathmandu, Nepal. (1991) 66 minutes.

Intrepid Berkeley Explorer On Safari
Kenya & Tanzania: all the famous African animals from Antelope to Zebra, plus the Samburu Dancers and the Masai. (1990) 64 minutes.

The Best of Alaska
Explore glaciers by land, air & sea. See Glacier Bay, Denali National Park, whales, moose, bald eagles & caribou; plus totem poles and Native American dancing. (1990) 58 minutes.

Berlin and Paris
How the Berlin Wall survived the end of the cold war. Historic buildings and monuments including the Reichstag, Brandenberg Gate, Versailles, Arc de Triumph, Eiffel Tower, and Notre Dame Cathedral. (1990) 58 minutes.

davidmundstock @ msn.com