Boogeyman (2005)
On the surface, Tim is a seemingly normal, twenty-something guy. He's got a decent job and is moving fast in his relationship with his girlfriend Jessica. But an intense, paralyzing fear that has been terrifying him since childhood is tearing him apart. And it's getting worse every day. When Tim was eight, something devastating happened. Each night his dad would put him to sleep with a bedtime story. Many of these stories teetered on the brink of horror, much to his mom's chagrin, but Tim and his father made sure his bedroom was safe when the lights finally went out. Until that one fateful night. As Tim watched from his bed, paralyzed with fear, his father was violently sucked into the closet, and was never seen or heard from again. Tim is terrified that the Boogeyman will someday return and take him as he has taken so many before. Until now he has coped by eliminating opportunities for the Boogeyman to get to him. He has removed every dark corner in his apartment; there are no closets, and his bed is on the floor so the evil force has nowhere to hide. The thought of getting a jacket out of a closet sends him spiraling into terror. When Tim is forced to move outside his comfort zone on a Thanksgiving trip to Jessica's parents, he leaves this protected world and things begin to fall apart. After a disturbing dream about his estranged mother, Tim awakens in a cold sweat, hunched over on the floor of the guest room. Jessica tries to comfort him, but it only makes things worse. His cell phone rings. His mother has died. Forced to return to his childhood home, a looming and run-down Victorian Gothic house in the countryside, Tim must tie up family matters with his Uncle Mike and face the source of all his fears. After the funeral, Tim visits the children's psychiatric hospital where he spent many years after the disappearance of his father. His former counselor reiterates what she has known all along - that in order to get over his fears, he must spend a night alone in the old house and confront things head on. Tim tries to relax and enjoy a reunion with his childhood best friend, Kate and for a brief moment feels everything is under control. But as Tim relives the past, drifting through the dark and empty house and rummaging through old photographs, memories take over and his crippling fear returns. He is sure he is being watched by the same evil being that has terrorized him his entire life. Tim becomes irrational and delusional to everyone around him, but no one can save him; or themselves. His loved ones start disappearing around him and his life is shattered all over again. He knows that the only way to stop the nightmare is to confront the evil presence once and for all. Tim turns to the only other person who understands and shares his fear, Franny, a precocious and mysterious young girl who first appeared at his mother's funeral. It turns out that Tim and the little girl have something in common. She is the only one who sees what he sees......and Tim draws on Franny's courage and advice to face the Boogeyman once and for all. As the lines separating what is real and what is not have vanished, Tim must now fight to put the evil force and the demons to rest in a final battle to save his life. But how can he know what is real and what is imagined?
