Final Fantasy IX PSX RIP to .BIN for PCSXBOX

Title: Final Fantasy IX
Developer: Squaresoft
Publisher: Square Electonic Arts
Genere: Turn-Baesd RPG
Release Year: 2000
Console: Playstation
Video Format: NTSC
Media Format: CD
Disc #: 4 Disc


Pretty much everything has been tested and works with the following settings, the only things i can think of that were not would be Switching Disc when the time comes (known directions for that also follow) and various mini-games, other then that everything should have been done. (world movement, area movement, name input, battle, etc.)



Settings to run.

Graphic Fixes -> Framelimit--ON (battle menu will flicker when OFF), all other settings--OFF

CPU Fixes -> FF9 Movie Fix--ON (DUH), all other settings--OFF

Graphics Filter -> Any Desired (NONE recommended)

Other Fixes and Paths

At game select, highlight desired game and press X --> 
     Configure Controllers-->
          Controller 1 (or current port being used) -->
               Change Joypad Mappings-->
                    Change UI Mappings-->
                         Fast ForwardThrottle--> Nothing*Nothing (just wait for                  
                                                  the timer to count down without 
                                                  pressing any buttons)


Directions for switching disc when the time comes

When it ask you to switch to the next disc do the following
     Click the right thumbstick-->
          Select Load New Disc Image-->
               Highlight the .BIN file for the disc it is asking for and hit A




- PSX - PCSXBOX ------------------------------------------
Playing PSX games on xbox is not only cool, it's also fun
and pleasent. Sometimes it's even better than playing on a
real Playstation. That is if you got the game to actually
work, which seems to be a difficult task. Because of that
few will choose to play PSX on the Xbox and a game will be
hard to find, as it already is. The Xbox community is big
and by introducing the PSX there a dying race might rise
again, or at least not be forgotten. And others, both old
and new, will have a chance to enjoy what once ruled the
earth. Please help this community by putting this entire
tag in your torrent description along with details of
Pcsxbox configuration for the game. By having this tag a
game will surely work on the Xbox when making a search on
PCSXBOX. While making a simple search on PSX others can
enjoy it on other systems as well.

/Thanks for sharing.
----------------------------------------------------------