Hi guys and girls,

Below is a rough txt version on the softmod installer manual so you can have a read through and decide if you want to download it or not.

the file is in rar form at had has the pdf version of the manual included.
I have and use this software my self and it works great, I have only used the splinter cell version of the installation. 

Softmod Installer Deluxe 4.5 N-Knave Edition 
Official Users Manual 

DISCLAIMER: We do not take any responsibility for any damage or loss of data that 
may be caused by this program. Always only use at your own risk, and remember to 
read this manual CAREFULLY before proceeding to use this package. If you do not 
read this and do something incorrectly, it is your own fault. 

This document is not affiliated with Microsoft Corporation. 
\'Microsoft\' and \'Xbox\' are trademarks of Microsoft Corporation. 

Chapter 1: Introduction 

 
Welcome to the most advanced, easiest, yet safest Softmod in the History of Xbox 

Exploits. This softmod offers many options for those who want a simple softmod, just to 
boot to it And load their favorite dash and get on with their mod going, also it?s made for 
those who Are into playing Xbox Live!, and that want a softmod as well. IN NO WAY THIS 
ALLOWS YOU TO PLAY BACKUPS ON XBOX LIVE, AND WHEN YOU RUN SOFTMOD IT WILL 
BLOCK XBOX LIVE! ON BOOT. There exists 2 dual boot features and 1 single, as they go 
like this. 

 

Single Boot (boots Dash) 

- This is as simple as it gets, open tray, and closed tray will boot your softmod. 


Dual Boot Open=Gamesave 

- This will make it so when your Xbox DVD tray is open, it will boot to SID 4 Installer, 
while 
- When the tray is closed, it will boot normal Softmod, and your dash of choice. 

Dual Boot Open=Retail (NDURE) 

- This will make it so your Xbox will run in retail mode when you power on with open 
DVD tray. 
- Allowing you to play your original Xbox live games on Xbox Live! Without having to 
remove your softmod via the Gamesave, and it?s 100% proven to work, but you 
must have an account made already, as this will not access Xbox Live! After you 
install softmod to create a New Account! 


Xbox Color LED Indications. 

Now you?ll know what is running and what is going on, by the LEDs of you Xbox on your 
front panel. The following Chart will explain what they mean, and how they work. 


Green/blinks when DVD tray opens. 

- Retail Mode by the Ndure Install, or simply your Xbox is not modded. 


Green/does not blink when DVD tray opens. 

- Modded state, yet color of lead could have been changed by a Dashboard or an 
Application. Config Magic, Avalaunch can cause this, it is not dangerous or bad. 
 

Orange/blinks when DVD tray opens. 

- not scripted, nor program to do so, but this is what is usually done by Linux Distros, 
nothing to do with SID. 

Orange/does not blink when DVD tray opens. 

- This is when your Gamesave is running. When you boot SID 4, or power with open tray menu 
having Gamesave to boot, this is the color of LED you?ll get, and it?s for you to know. 


Red/blinks when DVD tray opens. 

- Never heard of it. 


Red/does not blink when DVD tray opens. 

- This is when your softmod is active. It specifies that softmod is running, can run 
unsigned code, Linux, homebrew and all that good stuff you?re here for. 


Cycle/where the lights cycle through all colors. 

- This means that your dashboard target was not found by nkpatcher 11, none of the 
3, now, don?t worry as SID 4 was scripted to rescue your dash if it?s lost by the 
press of ?A? when your at that menu, however if you accidentally formatted your 
HDD, you?ll loss all other files and we are not responsible for that loss. SID 4 strictly 
stays to its system and will only keep safe of its function to the point that it takes 
care of boot, and important files to keep your Xbox alive, and has nothing to do 
with your OTHER files. 


- It can also mean your video cables aren?t plugged in the back of your Xbox. 

Chapter 2: Features 


1. - Features 3 different Install Methods. 

- Single Boot. Where it will only boot your dash of choice installed. 

- Dual Boot. Where it will boot your softmod when tray is closed and something else 
when your DVD tray is open. 


2.- Features all new Ndure (New Dimension Uber Rmenhal Exploit) for those who 
want to be able to have a softmodded Xbox, and still get to play on Xbox Live!, of course 
you must use only original games, and have an account already made. 

 
3. ? Nkpatcher 11 and the following features put to its best use ever. 

- Virtual C (ShadowC), having mount a file to replace your C drive Having your MS 
Dash in it so you can use it, yet hiding your real C files to prevent deletetion, 
tampering of critical files that can break your softmod. 

- Virtual EEPROM, Taking your true eeprom backup, patching it to prevent 
applications from unlocking your HDD!!! Something never ever done!!! OF COURSE 
IF YOU MESS LONG ENOUGH WITH IT YOU MIGHT BREAK IT AS WELL, SO PLEASE 
DON?T MESS WITH IT TOO MUCH, AS ALL MAN MADE CAN BE UNMADE, SO PLEASE 
DON?T TRY TO MESS WITH FILES , THAT IN THIS CASE A HIDDEN JUST TO COME 
UP WITH AN ERROR CODE. 

 
4. - Having 3 Dashboard targets and a hidden rescue dash. 

 - e:\\evoxdash.xbe, e:\\dash\\default.xbe, and e:\\dashboard\\default.xbe. 

- If none of the dash targets are found, then it will boot to 
C:\\rescuedash\\default.xbe, where it will load a menu to restore your dash for 
security reasons. 

 The following has been disabled, and the consequences. 

- Since it boots to a hidden xbe file, it?s another nkpatcher system allowing 
the use of all partitions normally. THIS CAN BE DANGEROUS IF MESSED 
WITH, SINCE IT HAS YOUR TRUE SOFTMOD FILES ACCESSABLE, SO PLEASE 
FOLLOW THE ONSCREEN INSTRUCTION BY PRESSING ?A? AND LET IT WORK 
IT?S WAY TO AVOID ANY PROBLEMS. 

- Since files are exposed, we have disabled all possible tampering with it, by 
denying all FTP access, and even the boot of a CD (non-original), to prevent 
you from messing something up. 

- You cannot boot discs while this is running, only originals, but they must 
be cold booted, and they are cold booted, then you don?t get true access, 
unless your booting the game you used for the softmod. 


5. - High Definition Patch 

 - SID 4 now lets you run your Xbox in High Definition mode correctly. 
 

6. - Full support by all the Admins/Moderators from www.xbox-hq.com

 - Forums for this installer are in the above link and we support it in everyway. 

 - Please feel free to post any bugs, or behavior reports to www.xbox-hq.com. 

Chapter 3: Checking your Dashboard Version 

 
To make your job easier the Softmod Installer, it is recommended that you use the latest 
version of Xbox Dashboard which is available (1.00.5960.01). This is how you would check 
your Xbox?s Dashboard version. 

? MS Retail Dashboard ? 


1) Click on the Settings button on your 
Xbox Dash, press A. 

 
? MS Dashboard Settings Screen ? 

2) Scroll down to the System Info at the 
bottom of the next menu, press A. 

The System Info screen will give you all the 
information you need to know about your 
Xbox console including your kernel version 
and dashboard version. 
 
? MS Dashboard System Info Screen ? 

3) In the system info it will display your 
Dashboard versions This is 
a screenshot of something similar to 
what you will want to see. The section 
highlighted in red shows you what your 
Dashboard version is. If the Xbox is not 
showing this version, and you wish to 
keep this dashboard, you will have to use 
the Auto-Installer Deluxe 3.0 Final 
DVD to finish off your installation. 


Alternatively you can try loading a game 
such as Halo 2, Burnout Revenge, Splinter 
Cell 2 or 3 (1 is too old), and this can 
update your dashboard for you. 

Chapter 4: Installing SID 4.5 on your Xbox 

 
Copying the Gamesave to your Memory Card / USB Device 

 
The three most popular ways to install the Gamesave (which is the .zip or .gsx files that 
you have in this directory) are the following: 

 
Action Replay: US Official Website - European Official Website

Game Shark: Official Website

Mega X-Key: Official Website


Just a quick tip about memory cards, reports have come in about 3rd-party cards not 
working properly, you can check the Xbox-Hq Memory Card Database for more 
information. The most reliable way would be a Mega X-Key in my opinion, which uses the 
same format as Action Replay for Gamesave. 

The Action Replay and Mega X-Key will only be able to use the .zip files, and the Game 
Shark can only use the .gsx files. 


To copy the game save over to your device, these programs support the drag and drop 
feature just like Windows. So, open your desired program and then drag and drop the .zip 
or .gsx file to the memory card. In about half a minute or so it should be done. 


There are 5 files in the SID package, you will need to transfer TWO of these to your Xbox 
(this is a little different from the older SID systems so please beware). You need the main 
installer file, and the Gamesave for the game you wish to use. Here?s what the files do: 

SID4.Installer .. The main Installer 

SID4.Loader.007AUF .. Loader for 007 Agent Under Fire 

SID4.Loader.Mechassault .. Loader for Mechassault 

SID4.Loader.SplinterCell.NTSC .. Loader for Splinter Cell (NTSC Version) 

SID4.Loader.SplinterCell.PAL .. Loader for Splinter Cell (PAL Version) 

Copying the Gamesave to your Xbox 

Insert your USB Device or memory card into your Xbox before you start it up. 

Once you?ve started your Xbox, the MS dashboard should appear. 

? MS Retail Dashboard ? 

1) Select Memory from the menu 
and press A. 

? MS Dashboard Memory Screen ? 

2) Now, select the memory card that you 
inserted and press A. 

3) Shown below are screenshots of each Gamesave. Select the Gamesave you want to 
copy to your Xbox HDD by pressing the A button on your Xbox controller. A Menu will 
appear. 


? SID 4.5 Installer ? 

? 007 Agent Under Fire ? 
 
? Mechassault ? 

? Splinter Cell (PAL) ? 

4) Choose the copy icon (as shown in the images below) and press A to copy the 
Gamesave you have selected to the Xbox. We are using 007 as an example. Be sure to 
check your Xbox region if you are using Splinter Cell. Eg. NTSC/PAL. 

? Choose Copy and Press A ? 

? Select the Xbox Hard Disk and Press A ? 

5) Once you have successfully copied over all required Gamesave to your Xbox HDD you 
can now continue to boot the original game (007, Mechassault, or Splinter Cell) and install 
your Softmod. Restart your Xbox and load the game of your choice into your Xbox DVD-
Rom drive. 

Chapter 5: Running the Game Save via the Game 

The following screenshots show what you have to do to launch the Softmod installer. If you 
see any other screens besides this, something is obviously gone wrong with transferring 
the game to the Xbox, or you don?t have the correct version of the game. 

007 Agent under Fire 

 

 
? 007 Main Menu Screen ? 

 

1) Once the game is at the main menu, 
select the Load Mission option? 


 
? 007 Load Mission Screen ? 


2) Now select the Xbox Hard Drive option 
(which loads the Gamesave from HDD). 

 
? 007 Loading Mission Screen ? 

3) It will show a loading screen to confirm 
it is working. 



 

♀
Mechassault 

 

 
? Mechassault Main Menu Screen ? 


1) Once the game is at the main menu, 
select the Campaign option? 

 

 
? Mechassault Campaign Screen ? 

 

2) Now select the Run Linux Gamesave. 
Please note that the following information 
MUST be the same on your Xbox otherwise 
you have got a bad copy of Mechassault. 

 

Controls: Normal 

Difficulty: Regular 

Current Level: Going Down Hard 



 

Splinter Cell 

 

 
? Splinter Cell Main Menu Screen ? 


1) Once the game is at the main menu, 
select the Start Game option? 

 

 
? Splinter Cell Start Game Screen ? 

 

2) Now select the Linux Gamesave. 

 
? Splinter Cell Checkpoints / Levels Screen ? 

3) Select the Checkpoints option. 



 

♀
Chapter 6: The SID 4.5 Final Main Menu 

 

 

 

All menus will be self explanatory, and will go to the point, but make sure of the following 
tips to complete a successful softmod. 

 

1. - Must have a retail MS Backup, either made by this installer or a previous SID installer 
that supports the target E:\\backup\\MS\\, this backup must not be modded, and must have 
retail files, no dash version is specified if not installing Ndure. 

 

2.- If you plan to Install Ndure, YOU MUST have MS Dash 5960 either in your MS Backup 
or your True C drive (newest 1.6 Xboxes have this). 

 

3. - Backup of your EEPROM must be made no matter what to complete the install. This is 
due to the fact that an eeprom backup is needed to be patched, and put into your hidden 
boot files to be loaded with the all new nkpatcher system, allowing this eeprom to be 
loaded instead of your real one to prevent apps from unlocking your HDD, and if you mess 
with your eeprom, then it?s just your virtual eeprom and not the real one, leading to a 
broken Xbox. 

 

4. - The Uninstall Feature is picky. You must have a retail, non modded, MS Backup to it 
can proceed, it also pay attention to what it tell you, so you don?t make mistakes, and you 
select ?YES? or ?NO? wisely. 

 

Please be aware that SID 4 will take around 15-30 seconds to install a file called 
\"shadowc.img\", so if you see that it looks like if it froze, don\'t panic, and let it run.

♀
Chapter 7: Backup and Restore. 

 

You have options to backup and restore your ms dash, as well as your softmod, but you 
may not restore your mod backup if an MS Backup is not present, so some limitations are 
there to prevent you from messing up your softmod, or losing valuable files of your Xbox. 
If you plan to use Xbox Live!, you don\'t need to do this, simply install the Ndure feature, 
but make sure you have an account before you do, cause once softmod is install, you 
cannot make an account. 

 

 

Chapter 8: Removing the Softmod. 

This is by far the easiest thing to do if you use the installer, simply have you MS Backup 
not modded, and run ?Uninstall Softmod? and all will be done automatically, just make 
sure you read the onscreen options so you don?t run into any mistakes when it comes to 
deleting all other files on E:\\. 

 

The Uninstall feature will do it all for you, but you?ll get prompt for special actions, on 
prompts, you don?t have to say ?YES? unless it?s what you want to do. 

 

 

 

♀
Chapter 9: Virtual Eeprom Patching 

 

This chapter will teach you how to set up your eeprom after the install of SID 4.5 if you 
want that extra step in the security of a softmod. 

 

WARNING!!! 

?X-Man9? from www.xbox-scene.com official developer of the nkpatcher systems after 
Rmenhal, has stated that some games cannot keep Xbox Live! Data in HDD if your Xbox 
HDD is nulled, we haven?t had any issues, but he has stated that games like ?Ghost Recon? 
will automatically delete your Xbox Live! Maps from your HDD if your HDD serial is not 
valid. 

 

We/I will not be held responsible for data loss, do this at your own risk. 

 

STEP 1: Getting to access true files on your Xbox C drive. 

 

First you must understand how ftp works, this tutorial will not teach you how to ftp. 

 

First you must have an nkpatcher *.xbe loaded that will not mount the virtual, this *.xbe 
can easily be the one you booted SID 4.5 and it?s how this tutorial will show it to you. 

 

1. - Cold boot game of Choice or use a file manager to navigate to save. 

 

2. - If you boot SID 4.5 from game of exploit, simply fix your Network Settings to a proper 
way to access your Xbox from ftp. If your going to use a file manager, the file to be 
executed is NOT menu.xbe, you?ll execute ?install.xbe?, this file is nkpatcher 11-01 with no 
virtual mounts. Directory for manual boot is: E:\\UDATA\\21585554\\000000000000\\ 

 

3. - you?ll get the eeprom.bin found in C:\\ from your real partition, to know if it?s your real 
partition, you should be able to see the following files (not all files or folders are mentioned 
here. 

 

\\Audio 

\\SID4 

\\fonts 

\\xboxdashdata.185ead00 

\\xodash 

\\msdash.xbe 

\\shadowc.img <<<< if you see this, you?ll know it?s your real C partition. 

\\Xbox Book.xtf 

\\Xbox.xtf 

\\xboxdash.xbe 

\\eeprom.bin <<<<< this is the dump file you?ll ftp to computer to make your changes. 

 

 

 

♀
STEP 2: Making Changes on the eeprom.bin dump 

 

First you?ll open up LiveInfo.exe. (This tutorial should have it for you, if it doesn?t, please 
download in either Xbins, Xbox-Hq downloads, or any other place that hosts these files for 
you. 

 

This is how live info will open up to be like. 

 

 

 

 

This is usually how you?ll 
see it when it opens up. 
Now the Next pictures will 
go in order as you must 
follow the tutorial, if you 
already familiar with Live 
Info, just go to the last 
picture to see what needs 
to be done. 

 

 


 
Open the File by choosing 
?Load EEPROM? 

 


♀
 

 

This picture will show you what need modification and WHAT NOT to modify. 

MAC address is very important, as well as the hash of the eeprom to be a valid file, this is 
the reason why we are doing this manually, since most of the PAL users can?t get a good 
eeprom patch by previous versions of SID 4/SID 4 separate fix 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

♀
This is what?s to be modified. You don?t have to make them all Zeros, it can be anything 
randomly, just make sure you don?t randomly make it correct. 

 

 

 

After all this is done, simply use the ?Save as .BIN? and either overwrite the old 
eeprom.bin or name it differently, just make sure you have a proper backup of the eeprom 
your self, and not the modified, if you try to make new HDD with this modified eeprom 
you?ll never get it to work, since it?s only going to give you invalid HDD keys, and your 
HDD will result in error 06 on your Xbox. 

 

Make sure that you ftp the modified file named eeprom.bin to overwrite the old file in C:\\, 
after you have completed this, simply turn off Xbox, and power back on, most apps/dashes 
including ConfigMagic will display your unlock key, but when it?s time to call the eeprom to 
unlock is when it will fail. To see if your changes are in fact active, please use ConfigMagic, 
and see what you get onscreen, UnleashX and other dashes will always display the correct 
unlock key in the settings or info screen. 

♀
Appendix A: Xbox Error Codes 

 

Error 

Cause 

Description 

 
01 


 
Bootloader 


 
Motherboard Error 


02 


Bootloader 


Eeprom check failed 


03 


Bootloader 


Unknown 


04 


Bootloader 


Ram check failed 


05 


Kernel 


HDD not locked (retail BIOSes require the HDD to be locked) 


06 


Kernel 


Cannot unlock HDD 


07 


Kernel 


HDD timeout 


08 


Kernel 


HDD not found 


09 


Kernel 


HDD parameters (PIO/DMA/or size {debug}, certain size 
minimum is required for debug) 


10 


Kernel 


DVD drive timeout 


11 


Kernel 


DVD not found 


12 


Kernel 


DVD parameters (PIO/DMA) 


13 


Kernel 


Dashboard launch fail (due to missing/bad key, or anything 
else that would prevent it from running) and the dashboard 
didn\'t specify why it failed 


14 


Dashboard 


Error loading dashboard (dashboard generic error) 


15 


Kernel 


Unknown 


16 


Dashboard 


Other files to do with dashboard / dashboard settings (specific 
dashboard error) 


17 


Kernel 


Unknown 


18 


Kernel 


Unknown 


19 


Kernel 


Unknown 


20 


Kernel 


The dashboard has attempted to load and failed: It was a cold 
boot, and the dashboard didn\'t specify why it failed, but it (for 
some reason) needed to be noted that the DVD passed the 
challenge/response authentication 


21 

Anywhere 

Typically means you\'re missing .dip files on your c: Drive or 
you have .xip\'s from a different (wrong) dashboard version. To 
fix simply restore a complete backup of the c: drive. 



 

♀
Appendix B: Softmodding Tutorials 

 

Special thanks to Pirrup for these tutorials. 


Hard Drive Upgrade using a Modchipped Xbox 

 

Hardware Needed: 


- Hex Screwdriver Set 

- Computer 

- A modded Xbox (chip) 

- A softmodded Xbox with retail disk. 

- A bigger HDD 

 

Software Needed: 


- FTP software (FlashFXP) 

- EvoX dash (to make eeprom backup, install it on both Xboxes) 

- Xbox-HQ Auto Installer Deluxe Boot Disk. 

- Config magic (install it on chipped and softmodded Xbox) 

 
Steps: 


1. Use EvoX to make an eeprom backup from your chipped Xbox and the softmodded Xbox 
(you can install EvoX as a dashboard) 

 

2. FTP the backup Eeproms to your PC, also transfer your C and E drive (softmodded Xbox) 
to your pc. 

 

3. Put the big HDD you need to prepare in your chipped Xbox. 

 

4. Run Xbox-Hq Auto Installer Deluxe Boot Disk and make the big HD ready. (Don?t forget 
to install Config magic on this HDD) 

 

5. Open the Config magic folder and delete the contents in the data folder and transfer 
your backup of the C and E drive to the data folder. 

 

6. Update your chipped Xbox eeprom from the bin file. (Eeprom backup from softmodded 
Xbox). 

 

7. Reboot the Xbox and open Config magic and lock the HDD. (Now it\'s locked with the 
eeprom from the softmodded Xbox) 

 

8. Turn off Xbox and remove the big HDD out the chipped Xbox. 

 

9. Put it in the softmodded Xbox 

 

Now, the HDD will work in the softmodded Xbox. 

 

*** Optional if you play on live with your chipped Xbox *** 

 

10. Run Config magic again on the chipped box and update eeprom. (This time with the 
eeprom backup from chipped Xbox). This will restore your chipped Xbox eeprom back to 
original. 

 

♀
Hard Drive Upgrade using a PC 

 

Hardware Needed: 

 
- A PC, a blank CD-R/W and a CD Burner 

- Torx 10 + Torx 20 Screwdrivers (to open your Xbox) 

- A Large HDD 
Software Needed: 
- XboxHDM 1.9 

- FTP Program (FlashFXP) 

- EvoX dash (can be installed as an app) 

- DVD Decrypter 

 

Steps: 

 

1. First make a backup from your retail disk (C, E drive and your eeprom), you can use 
EvoX to backup eeprom (eeprom backup can be found on E). 

 

2. FTP your backup data to your PC using a FTP program. 

 

3. Unpack XboxHDM onto your pc 

 

4. Put the eeprom backup in the xboxhdm\\linux\\eeprom folder, put C and E folder into the 
xboxhdm\\linux folder and overwrite the ones already there. 

 

5. In the root of xboxhdm is a file named \'make-iso-win\', run this file and wait for it to 
finish. 

 

6. It will make an .iso file. (You can burn this file with DVD Decrypter) 

 

7. Take out all your hard disks in your PC and put the new hard disk (for the Xbox), make 
sure its primary master and first boot is CD-ROM. 

 

8. Put the disk you made in the CD-ROM drive and boot your PC. 

 

9. You will get a menu, now choose Option 1 (by typing ?1?) and press enter to boot VGA 
console with Xbox-drive utilities (default). Type ?xboxhd? when it asks you for a login. 
Another list of options will show up, choose option 1 again (the one that says ?Build a new 
Xbox HD from scratch?) and it will begin to format and write the partition table etc. If you 
put your C:\\ and E:\\ onto the CD then when it asks you about them type yes and when it 
asks you if you would like an F select yes. 

 

10. Reboot your PC (we are almost done) 

 

11. Now for locking the hard drive. This time type ?3? and hit enter to boot Linux with 
locking/unlocking utilities. Next, type in ?lockhd ?a?. It will now search for the eeprom on 
the CD and will automatically lock the hard drive. Now turn off the PC and take out the 
hard drive when it has finished locking. Put the disk in your softmodded Xbox. 

 

You just upgraded your hard drive and can be used in your softmodded Xbox. 

 

♀
Hotswap Tutorial - Recover a HDD without Eeprom Backup 

 

Hardware Needed: 

 

- A PC (remove all HDD\'s), blank CD-R/W and A CD Burner 
- Torx 10 And Torx 20 Screwdrivers - To Open XBOX 
Software Needed: 


- XboxHDM 1.9 

- DVDdecryptor (http://www.dvddecrypter.com) 

- C drive backup or latest MS dash 

 

IMPORTANT: Make sure the Xbox and PC are close to each other 

 

Steps: 


1. If you got a backup of your C you don\'t need to download latest MS Dash, if you don\'t 
have a backup download MS Dash and keep it ready on your PC. 

 

2. Unpack xboxhdm onto your PC. 

 

3. Put the MS Dash in the C folder into the xboxhdm\\linux folder and overwrite the ones 
already there. 

 

4. In the root of xboxhdm is a file named \'make-iso-win\', run this file and wait for it to 
finish. It will make an .iso file. 

 

5. Burn this file with DVD Decrypter, and leave the CD in the PC. 

 

6. Unplug the Xbox DVD-ROM IDE cable, take the power cable off the DVD-ROM. 

 

7. Turn on the PC, Before the PC BIOS looks for Hard Drives, hit the Pause/Break key. It 
should pause at this time. 

 

8. Turn on the Xbox. 

 

9. It will boot to an error code (#11) regarding the DVD-ROM, but the Hard Drive will be 
unlocked, this way you\'ll get xboxhdm to access it on first attempt 

 

10. Hit space bar to continue booting the PC. If it takes a long time to boot (several 
minutes), then the HD has not been unlocked. 

 

11. You will get a menu, now choose Option 1 (by typing ?1?) and press enter to boot VGA 
console with Xbox-drive utilities (default). Type ?xboxhd? when it asks you for a login. 
Another list of options will show up, choose option 1 again (the one that says ?Build a new 
Xbox HD from scratch?) and it will begin to format and write the partition table etc. when it 
asks you about C type yes and when it asks you if you would like an F select yes . 

 

12. Power down PC and Xbox. 

 

13. Put the Hard Drive back in the Xbox and boot. 

 

PLEASE NOTE: If you get a message about a frozen drive, just disable auto detect for the 
drive (xboxhdm will detect the HDD even if it\'s disabled!) 

 

♀
Hard Drive Cloning using Chimp 

 

Hardware Needed: 

 

1. A Y power splitter (or use an external power source for the second HD, like another PC 
or external disk box etc.) 

2. Torx 10, 15, 20 Screwdrivers to open Xbox and replace the HD 


Software Needed: 


3. Chimp (installed as an app) 
 
Steps: 


1. Open the box with the Torx 20 Screwdriver. 

2. Use the Y splitter so both Hard Drives would have power when Xbox is on. 

3. Loosen the DVD\'s IDE, but must still be bootable (it minimize the remove chance of IDE 
damaging as it is really not designed for hotplugging). 

4. Boot Xbox. 

5. Launch chimp. 

6. Swap the IDE cable from DVD to the new HD. 

7. Follow the menu (the first item must be run before others). 

Xbox 1.6 problems? 

If you have a 1.6 box and you can\'t see the Linux prog (graphics). In that case, you need 
to telnet into it, the menu will be same. 

Appendix C: Frequently Asked Questions 

1.- I can\'t get gamesaves into the memory card with Action Replay? 
Make sure you have original Microsoft Memory card or another brand that it\'s known to 
work, not all memory cards will allow files that\'s aren\'t game related to be added, like zips, 
rars and non-xbox default files. Also make sure you drag and drop 2 zips, the SID4 
Launcher.zip and your game of choice, and you\'ll add both gamesaves to your xbox, since 
the launcher are the files that install the softmod, and the other gamesaves are to boot to 
Launcher, so no launcher and gamesave can lead to ERROR 21, black screen, or MS Dash 
reboot. 
2.- I get just a black screen when i boot it. 
Make sure you only do it to retail xbox, that means no other softmods installed, if you 
have a previous softmod install, remove it and leave C in retail, all other files will not be 
affected, also make sure that\'s the only gamesave you have, and no other gamesaves in 
hdd of that 1 game. Another issue is that if you are trying to boot SID 4 when running 
modded from SID 2 or other PBL based softmod, it will lead to freeze or black screen, this 
is due to the fact that PBL doesn\'t allow nkpatcher to load, PLEASE BE IN RETAIL! 
3. I can\'t install any of the softmods in SID 4!!! 
Did you read the manual? Did you read the on-screen warnings?, It will NOT INSTALL if 
you don\'t have a retail MS Backup and eeprom made by the installer. 
4.- I can\'t install the Ndure. 
Once again, did you read things right?, you CANNOT install unless you have MS Dash 5960 
Installed on true C before install. 
5.- I successfully installed SID 4, but i can\'t use the retail mode to go on xbox live. 
It should work, as it\'s proven to work, make sure you power on the xbox with eject button 
so it loads retail mode, wait till it loads MS Dash, and put game disc in, after ingame sign 
in with an already made xbox live! gamer tag account. YOU CANNOT MAKE AN ACCOUNT 
AFTER YOUR MODDED. 
6.- Why do i have to set my clock every time i power on the xbox? 
You should only have to set it once after softmod is installed, and only after you unplugg 
after 4 hours. So make sure YOU SET YOUR CLOCK, and press \"A\" to save it to xbox, then 
IGR or power off, and on so it takes effects, that way you shoudln\'t have to set your clock 
again, unless of course you cut power for more than 4 hours. 
7.- When i ftp i can see F and G, but i can\'t access them. 
You cannot access to what you dont\' have, by default SID 4 is set to enable both of these 
so you don\'t have to worry about updating your lb48 patch etc, some xbox stock hdds 
have F, some have G, the only real way to know if you have an F, is by using file explorer 
with UnleashX or SID 4, and if you see F you have it, if you don\'t see F, then you don\'t! 
8.- When i boot retail mode, all i get is a hang, and black screen. 
Make sure that ms dash was not modded at all, but here\'s a manual solution if you have 
this. Boot SID 4, use the file manager, go to C, and look for the file called: 
settings_adoc.xip, make sure you don\'t have it in C, or C:\\xboxdashdata185ead00, this 
can make it hang, also this file is to be deleted automaticly by the installer, and it\'s also 
the reason why you must set your clock when you boot you xbox after the install of SID 4. 

9.- When i boot Ndure retail mode, all looks good, but i choose the xbox live tab from MS 
Dash and it goes to a black screen. 
Simply is cause xbox live tab from MS dash loads it\'s own dash files from C:\\xodash, but 
that\'s where the exploit fonts are located, so if you choose that it will freeze cause it will 
try to load the fonts again, leading to wanting to boot softmod, which will end up freezing, 
you will also get a black screen if you try to PUT A BACKUP GAME when running Ndure. In 
no way Ndure allows you to run backups in Xbox Live!. Use FuckMS for that, but we will 
not help you do this, and you can get into serious problems and get your credit card 
blacklisted if caught. 
- Always sign in to xbox live from ingame, not from MS Dash. 
10.- I get \"BATCH PROCESS FAILED\"!!! 

 

Then simply you need to read this manual over again and make sure you haven?t missed 
anything. 
