*America's Ultimate Warrior .RV DVD RIPS*

Google their site, and this is all of their dvd's, ripped to .avi, then to .rv.  You will need realplayer to view, which is no big deal.  Please don't bitch about not having the avi's...even I don't have them anymore; all I have are the .iso's and the .rv files.  This took me over a week of nonstop converting to get to this, and these are *excellent* videos for today's American Warriors, so these are very much so worth downloading!  The following are the videos contained:


Handgun Basics
A complete guide to shooting both revolvers and semi-automatic handguns featuring NRA certified instructor Lenny Magill and his wife Tammy. Covers everything you need to know about owning, operating and shooting accurately. What's the difference between a single action and double action revolver? What's best for self defense... revolver or semi-automatic? What caliber is best for self-defense? What's the correct shooting stance? How do you aim, grip techniques, trigger pull and much more. Excellent for men, women and juniors, beginner to advanced.

Concealed Carry
Lenny Magill Productions is the world leader in the production and distribution of the highest-quality firearms related video programs. Concealed Carry is the result of years of research and testing. Magill shows you how to select, wear and draw from over 40 different concealment methods. Plus, you'll see the world's most incredible display of concealed carry shooting.

Move! Shoot! Live!
Review: First, let me inform you that I have never been in a gunfight - thank God! And, I never want to be in a gunfight. But for the past 6 years I've studied what happens in real gunfights: where, how and why people get shot. This tape shows you what I have discovered in my studies... the key element that could greatly increase your chances of living is movement! Simply put, your first objective is to get out of the way of the gunfire... move and keep moving! You'll learn how to move, how to shoot on the move and why to practice movement for true self-defense shooting. This program will help you take your self-defense mindset to the next level. Includes actual gunfight footage, analyzed by Lenny Magill, showing the effects of movement and your survival.

Mastering The AR-15
The AR-15 rifle is one of the most popular battle rifles ever developed. Lightweight, durable and extremely reliable. Champion shooter and master gunsmith Jim Clark of Clark Custom Guns joins Lenny Magill in showing you complete disassembly and reassembly procedures as well as basic and advanced shooting techniques. Grip, stance, trigger control, sight picture and 4 practical shooting positions. You'll learn how to load, unload, and shoot at 25 yards to 150 yards with speed and accuracy. Plus, see the awesome firepower the AR-15 is capable of delivering, how to fieldstrip, clean and lubricate, self-defense shooting positions and much more!

AR-15 Close Combat
It's an awesome weapon, designed uniquely for the dense jungles of Vietnam. Lightweight and easy to shoot, with it's 30 round magazine and high velocity .223 ammunition, the M-16/AR-15 is the ultimate close quarter combat weapon!! Able to cut through dense underbrush as well as everyday walls of drywall or stucco. It even penetrates steel! No one can hide from this gun. In this video, Lenny Magill demonstrates and discusses how to use the AR-15 for tactical self-defense. You'll learn how to use and understand the AR-15 sights for CQC shooting, how to point shoot with this gun at distances of 5 to 50 yards, tactical self-defense shooting positions with and without cover, how to shoot on the move, as well as entering the "ways" of death... hallways, doorways and stairways. Plus, see an impressive display of self-defense shooting and the incredible power of the AR-15.

J. Clark Combat Shotgun
Competition practice is an excellent training ground for self-defense shooting techniques. Jim Clark is one of the world's best all around practical competition shooters; equally adept at pistol, rifle and shotgun. But, if you were to isolate one of his talents above all the rest, it would be his ability to handle, operate and shoot the combat shotgun. Clark possesses an almost unnatural ability to shoot the shotgun both fast and extremely accurately. In this program he discusses the modifications he has done to his shotgun and how to setup your shotgun, shooting on the move, basic and advanced reloading techniques, and the fundamentals of stance, grip, using the sights and trigger pull. Plus, Jim Clark demonstrates some incredible shooting that will amaze and entertain you and your friends!

Tactical Sniper Shooting
In this program Tubb details and describes the equipment needed to execute pinpoint accuracy at 50 to 200 yards. You'll learn how to utilize ammunition, scopes and trigger control to be able to hit a quarter at 50 yards. Tubb demonstrates a revolutionary sling technique and three different shooting positions. If you want to shoot with precision at realistic law enforcement distances, this program is an excellent resource and an exceptional training aid.

Street Fighter Workout
Self-defense street fighting is not a martial art. It's brutal unexpected and usually over in a matter of seconds. This program shows you seven basic "first-strikes" that allow you to gain control of or even end a fight instantly. It covers punches, elbows, knees, side kick, front kick, sweeping low kicks and even head butts. Then, Lenny Magill puts it all together in a 10 minute workout that, if you practice, is guaranteed to improve your fitness level and your ability to defend yourself. You'll learn to workout with the heavy bag to develop maximum advantage in a street encounter.

Master The Samurai Sword
Now you can see first hand the awesome power of the Samurai sword! This program shows step-by-step instructions on how to use the sword, including grip, stance, balance and cutting. You'll learn how to cut through life-like figures and understand why the Samurai sword is the ultimate stopping weapon. Plus, you'll see some of the most amazing cutting demonstrations using full length Samurai swords ever recorded on video. There is lots and lots of cutting on this video with complete how-to instructions. This professionally produced program features a wealth of information that is guaranteed to amaze and entertain you and your friends for years!

Folding Knife Techniques
Do you have one? A folding pocket knife with a 3-4 inch blade. Do you truly understand the power of this size of blade? Did you know that just one slash can cause instant death? This program is a graphic look at the awesome power of a 4 inch blade when placed in the hands of a moderately trained individual. You'll see an incredible cutting demonstration with the star of the show, "Meat Man." Plus, we examine basic and advanced knife fighting skills, a realistic approach to what happens in a knife fight, what to look for and what to do when a knife is presented towards you, what type of knife is most recommended for self-defense and why, incredible and beautiful cutting demonstrations, and why some modern knife fighting experts do not truly understand the power of this blade. This is a great tape for reference, because it wakes you up to the reality that there are a lot of people who carry these knives and don't know what this blade can really do!

~~~

I am always adding new things, so check this account often.

Visit roguesci (dot) org (slash) theforum, and register, for the world's longest running largest explosives and weapons forum on the web!