VIRUS?  NO!!!  This is the same problem other people have.  This is what they had to say about this transcout guy that tells you everything is a virus:

***Some folks in here have a nasty habit of spamming my posts with false virus warnings, and would eventually, possibly, try to get me banned from this place. I upload A LOT of material about 9/11 being a staged event, and they seem to trigger a lot of those false virus warnings from users named "b2pilot187" and "transcout" (they're probably the same person). Now, he is obviously either a disinformer or simply just the everyday-idiot, because my files are videofiles, hence impossible to infect with a virus. This user has been reported to the admins of this place, so I hope this matter will be setled sooner rather than later. Until then, simply ignore this person. But I would urge anyone not to ignore a virusscan in any event. I suspect he won't even read this, because he simply searches for "911" (and now "Alex Jones" too) and spam each and every post with these warnings. Hence, you will probably find another one below, in the comment section.***
(From http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3425065 , posted by ReVIsed)

------------------------------------------

Archived videos of the plane crashes, audio, and online news I compiled and saved from the attacks.

ACE files open with WinRar, WinAce, etc. Multiple stories per daily ACE file.

I'll re-seed this every so often so it will top the list when downloading stops or the seeders disappear.  If you have trouble with this one, check and see if its been re-seeded and download the new torrent and you shouldn't have many troubles after.


Don't mind the stuff below, I just want to make it searchable.
Keywords: Osama Bin Laden, 9/11, 911, 9-11, September 11, 2001, al-qaeda, Pentagon, World Trade Center, New York, Washington, hijackers, America, oil, liability, bush, neocon, neoconservative, fascism, cheney, propaganda, rigged, election, government							