Alternative/Jazz--pop across the generations--in its live, energetic, emotional, funny, insane incarnation. Wonderful lyrics, great horns, kick ass band.



Kora Woolsey: vocals, guitar.
Matte Robinson: trumpet, keyboard, vocals.
Jeannine Gallant: trombone, keyboard, vocals.
Andrew Demerchant: drums.
Scott Culligan: bass.


	1 	Sister
	2 	Baby It's All Right
	3 	Thumbelina
	4 	My Favourite Song
	5 	Antipodes
	6 	Misty
	7 	Potter's Wheel of Fortune
	8 	Photo For the Press
	9 	Anthem
	10 	Silly Bird
	11 	Ballad of Penelope and Odysseus
	12 	Caine's Song
	13 	Stranded
	14 	Story of Three
	15 	Searchin (for a Decent Woman)

Live at the Taproom:
Squashed to the 74-minute limit with punchy Vetch action, Live at the Taproom is the result of overwhelming popular demand. Experience the sound of the five-strong band just the way you?ve asked for them at sell-out shows--complete with onstage banter and enthusiastic crowd huzzahs. Engineered by Mike Doherty, who has recently done live recording with Hot Toddy and Isaac and Blewett, Live at the Taproom features tracks recorded before a full live audience as well as private and live-off-the-floor recordings, all from the same weekend. The result is a high-energy performance with the control necessary for the quieter, sensitive tracks--superior sound quality all the way through. There are no overdubs or edits to the songs--the performances remain intact, heard just as they were at the recording session at Fredericton?s own The Taproom, who along with local brewery Picaroons helped fund the project. Longtime Vetch friend Tim Rideout brings his unique talents to bear on the finished product, having not only mastered the record but arranged a few guest appearances from familiar characters, who help provide as rounded-out a listening experience as you would get sitting back and taking in a show from start to finish. This is the first recorded performance of the Vetch that is Kora, Matte, Jeannine, Andrew, and Scott--it?s eclectic, it?s fun, and it?s hot off the presses.