DAIQUIRI - Third World Budget
2001 Kharbe Records

1. bronzage
2. the architect
3. bus driver
4. vibrato falsetto
5. baby dolls
6. cheval
7. ballers
8. banking
9. singer

mike hickey - vocals
leigh newton - drums
glenn humplik - guitar
paul petrin - bass


Take one reclusive "nice guy" and family man with an extensive metal collection...and one obsessive compulsive , caffeine addicted, depressive guy with NO attention span and a semi deserved reputation as a creep and you have Daiquiri.

6 years into it, Daiquiri is playing out in support of their 3rd album BABIES MAKING BABIES. Songs about hiding things, songs about extreme frustration, extreme boredom, and of course, LOSING...all set to their soundtrack of electronic blips and bleeps.

To say Daiquiri were not Ottawa's favorite band would be an understatement. But instead of whining about it, they just left. Multiple tours all over North America with like minded deviants found Daiquiri a whole new audience. An audience who dug their self depreciating sense of humor and genre blending.

As comfortable playing with metal bands , Japanese pop singers, or stand up comedians...Daiquiri is committed to expanding their following through any means necessary , as painfully as it may seem...one fan at a time.

Admitting that writing Bio's is not one of their stronger points, they would rather copy and paste an excerpt from a review printed in the San Francisco Bay Guardian:

"The vocalist enunciates his sarcastic lyrics about tanning salons, cokeheads, and stalker ex-girlfriends in such an overdone, geeked-out manner that you can practically see his neck veins bulge with every syllable. Guitarist Leigh Newton, who also takes care of the bass, keyboards, and drum programming, keeps pace by making the music as loud and hyperactive as possible at nearly every moment.

But there's more happening below the surface, such as the pretty, Aphex Twin-like synth melody buried in the chorus to "Snowman" or the 360-degree electronics collage that runs through "She's a Stayer." Subtlety is also present in the brilliantly pointless lyrics to "Letter Opener," a collision of grindcore and new wave that sounds nothing like the Locust (probably the best-known band to head-butt those genres together). That said, the main reference points here are early-'70s Sparks, the grotesque noise-metal pileups of Faxed Head, and an overriding sense of trashiness that encompasses everything from glam rock to Rick James to Beverly Hills 90210. There's also a barely hidden obsession with modern R&B." (Will York)

Daiquiri has toured with Faxed Head, Neil Hamburger, The Tuna Helpers, Mindless Self Indulgence, Mong Hang, Techma!, and Tub Ring. We've also played shows with Sleepytime Gorilla Museum, Les Georges Leningrad, Andrew WK, BJ Snowden, Dynamite Club, Isis, Rye Coalition, Quintron and Miss Pussycat, Bobby Conn, The Zip Code Rapists, Tom Green and The Bon Larvis Band. That's why you should be interested in them - because they have tons of names that they can and do drop readily.
