Some of the greatest myths, are yet to happen - Michael Tsarion    
                                                                      
   - 2012 and the "Age of Revealing"                                  
   - The Destruction of Atlantis ? The War of the Gods                
   - The Genetic Manipulation of Humankind                            
   - The Fall of Man                                                  
   - The True Origins of Evil                                         
   - The "Armageddon" Factor                                          
   - The Decline of Politics and Religion                             
   - The Reasons for & Significance of the Present World Crises       
   - The Occult History of America                                    
   - The Subversion of the Spiritual Destiny of America               
   - The Rise of the Anti-Christ (who is it?)                         
   - Why Iraq, and the ?War on Terror??                               
   - The Rising of the Nephilim                                       
   - The Final Days of the Age of Pisces                              
   - What the "Prophecies" of Nostradamus Don't Tell Us               
   - The "Photon Belt," the "Earth Grid" and the galactic alignments  
     of the Next 10 years                                             
                                                                      
  In Program Two, of the 'Origins & Oracles' series, Michael Tsarion  
  explains exactly why the world is in the present state of decay,    
  and who it is that really rules from the top of the                 
  'power pyramid.' We discover that earth's crime-soaked history has  
  been manipulated by powerful secret societies with bloodline        
  connections to ancient alien visitors who crossed their own DNA     
  with that of earth's indigenous inhabitants. According to Michael   
  Tsarion's astonishing thesis, some of these original 'Fallen        
  Angels' are secretly interred beneath the ground in Iraq,           
  Afghanistan, and in other locations around the globe. These         
  'undead' vampiristic kings of old have been feeding off the death   
  and mayhem, the pain and fear of human beings for millennia and     
  their servants, upon the earth's surface, have orchestrated wars,   
  assassinations, and a climate of perversity and debauchery to feed  
  their dark masters soon to arise again from their unholy repose.    
  This arising is forced due to the approach of powerful              
  constellational alignments and the coming of an 'Age of Revealing'  
  referred to in ancient Maya texts, and in the Book of Revelations.  
  It is of paramount importance that each and every human being       
  discovers what these alignments will mean, what the future holds,   
  and what the world's ancient scriptures are warning us about. This  
  riveting investigation into the occult history of the world will    
  open your eyes and allow you to make sense of the agendas of        
  government and religion, the strange preoccupations of the media,   
  and much of what will transpire in future years.                    
                                                                      
  Additionally, Michael also reminds to us of the importance of       
  cleansing the 'inner temple.' He reminds us that a toxic mind       
  creates a toxic society. It is schizoid people who inevitably       
  create a schizogenic society, and who are responsible for           
  raising-up the sadistic 'Orwellian' regimes which prey over the     
  good and the free. Michael delineates for us the age-old            
  connections between mind and world, between microcosm and           
  macrocosm, so that we are again empowered with proactive and        
  sustainable solutions. Michael insists that we must re-learn how    
  to put our own inner houses in order before our efforts at          
  overcoming our inhuman adversaries can be successful. Other         
  stratagems are merely akin to 're-arranging the furniture on the    
  Titanic,' and have not been working. Therefore, it is time for      
  humanity to show zero-tolerance for all the false paths and leads,  
  and to have the truth about change. These are just a few of the     
  topics covered in this monumental 13 hour presentation.


  R I P   C O M M E N T S     ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÊÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
                                                                      
   Although this is over 8 hours long, the quality for a 3 CD rip     
   is good and should leave no one complaining (see sample).          
                                                                      
 ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®