Emanuelle in America (1977) ***100% Uncut 100 min***

IMDB Link:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0074473/

----

It's time to cut back on a few requests, and seed something that I really wanted to share for a while...

OK, this movie has been compared to "Salo", "Cannibal Holocaust" "Caliugla" and many others.

This is the TOTALLY UNCUT version...you'll not miss anything here.  This is the "Blue Underground Studios" release...I also included a scan of the DVD for reference.

Although the original language for the movie is Italian, there ARE NO SUBTITLES on the DVD...thus being said, I went with an ENGLISH DUB for the first soundtrack...and here it comes...the SECOND SOUNDTRACK is a FRENCH DUB.

So:

Audio track 1: English
Audio track 2: French

If anyone PM's me with "What the fuck is with the French soundtrack, where is the English?" their fucking PM is going to be pasted in the comments section of this torrent, wherever it should happen to be, for everyone to have a good laugh at. ;)

After you read about the plot, read below for what others had to say about this movie...*Might Contain  SPOILERS*

----

Mini Plot:

An American journalist travels throughout the world in search of a good story by joining a modern-day harem and traveling to Venice to see what really goes on at diplomatic parties. While trying to expose a corrupt government official, Emanuelle stumbles upon a group that uses kidnapped girls to make and sell snuff films. A brush with death leaves Emanuelle wondering if it is perhaps time to hang up her camera for good.

or

Sexy Laura Gemser reprises her role as Emanuelle, photographer, journalist and sexual adventurer. Here, Emanuelle travels to America and finds herself entangled in a sordid sexual underworld that traffics in snuff films. Traveling from New York to Washington, D.C., in search of the real story and erotic adventure, Emanuelle is turned on and appalled -- in equal measure -- by the depravity she discovers.

----

What Others Have Said:

1.  This is one of the most shocking films I have ever seen! I love gore and sex in films but this movie went over the top. There was beastiality and very real looking snuff film footage. I liked it but also was disturbed by it. Dont watch it with other people, they might think your crazy.



2.  I don't care if the horse clearly enjoyed it. Fondling animals that way is just plain wrong. I think it is time to reevaluate my hobby of seeking out notoriously bad films for a few late night laughs after this tragedy.



3.  Halfway through this mess, I had to ask a friend of mine to affirm that blood had not started shooting out of my ears. It's so bad that it transcends normal critical standards. How exactly does one rate something like this? It can't be called a proper film -- it's more like a series of violent sexual fantasies arranged haphazardly. I think it's supposed to be some kind of comment on the amorality of America (thus the snuff material introduced late in the game), but since nothing gets resolved in the end I can't subscribe to that theory. If you value your sanity, leave this one alone.



4.  Laura Gemser stars as Emanuelle, a fashion photographer and under cover reporter whose investigation's into the twisted sex lives of the upper classes leads her to Washington DC - and the discovery of an international snuff film conspiracy! The climatic snuff scenes of soldiers torturing naked women, confronts us with extreme images of women being branded; whipped; raped with meat hooks and giant spiked dildo's; another forced to drink boiling oil through a phallic shaped funnel, and the slicing off of a woman's breast's with a machete. The latter scene was so realistic (FX by Gianetto De Rossi), the actress tried to sue the makers because it 'looked too real'. These snuff scenes are said to have inspired David Cronenberg to make 'Videodrome'.

Essentially a soft sore sleaze epic, 'Emanuelle in America' is also talked about for its inclusion of some brief hard core porn scenes, which were filmed specifically for the movie, and not taken from another, as is sometimes suggested. The reason additional XXX scenes were filmed, were so that D'Amato could sell his movie to more liberal countries at the time, such as Holland and France. The XXX scenes are quite brief, but they are well filmed - the most insane hard core inclusion being a sexy lady whacking off 'Pedro'...a horse.

Interestingly, where as most of D'Amato's films are usually freak show exercises in sadism and gore, the violence and perversions in this film (in particular the bestiality and snuff scenes!) are presented in an 'erotic' fashion, as if the director is daring his audience to be 'turned on' by what they are seeing, in the way the characters in his story are being 'turned on'. This adds to the sleazy and grubby feel of the movie, making it all the more an uncomfortable viewing experience...which is superb! In fact, its probably one of the reasons why I love this movie so much.

Twisted, perverse, exotic, brilliantly made and boasting yet another fine soundtrack by Nico Fidenco, which I managed to get hold of on CD-R some years back! For many years the most sought after version of 'Emanuelle in America' was an uncensored print from Venezuela - which usually turned out to be a 6th generation bootleg of blurred quality. Thankfully, Blue Underground in the US, have made all other version's redundant with their superb uncensored DVD, making this sex/horror classick more readily available to the masses.
  
----

Encoded by: sickboy88
Codec: XviD 1.1.0 Beta 2
Bitrate: 1260 kb/s AVG
Aspect: 640x352 = 1.82:1
Audio 1: English (Dubbed), 61 kb/s VBR AVG Mono @ 48K Hz
Audio 2: French (Dubbed), 61 kb/s VBR AVG Mono @ 48K Hz
Subtitles: None
Runtime: 01:40:15
FPS: 23.976

----

If you are going to watch this, you'll want to install the NEW XviD codec:

Now at Beta 2!

http://www.koepi.org/XviD-1.1.0-Beta2-04042005.exe

For top quality, make sure you use the XviD decoder configerator, and turn
on (Y) and (UV) deblocking, and the new feature of
XviD 1.1.0 (Y) and (UV) DERINGING.

If you have a slow computer, please turn off pre-processing. I don't want
another stupid motherfucker telling me that my movies are out of sync
because they are totally computer illiterate.