Stink.Fillers.1.XXX.DVDRip.XviD-PLEASURE

Anal, Straight, Oral

screen: 
http://www.jam-hot.com/details.php?id=6127

URL: 
http://www.adultdvd69.com/cgi-bin/dvd/56975.html?id=3rDncwCp 
RELEASE.DATE....: 06/11/07
STREET.DATE.....: 05/19/07
SIZE.CD1........: 49X15Mb
SIZE.CD2........: 49X15Mb
SOURCE..........: DVD
RESOLUTION......: 512x384
RUNTIME.........: 121 min
AUDIO...........: 128kbps vbr mp3
VIDEO...........: 1491 Kbps
LANGUAGE........: English
CATEGORY........: Anal, Creampie
COMPANY.........: Hundies
 
http://www.dvdtalk.com/reviews/read.php?ID=28491

Back in college, I had a friend who was obsessed with finding new and "catchy" ways to refer to things. Since we were obsessed with girls (still are, really), most of his attention was paid there. His apartment became the "stabbin' cabin" and, regretably, he began calling a woman's ass a "turd cutter."

Really? "Turd cutter"? Why would you want to associate a woman's ass with the least-attractive thing that comes out of it?

And so I was less than enthused when I saw I'd be reviewing Stink Fillers 1, from Hundies. Yes - assholes stink, but why emphasize an unhappy aspect of the woman, especially when the point of the DVD is putting a dick in there.

Despite a questionable-at-best name, Stink Fillers 1 is not a bad little disc. The girls are attractive, the sex is fairly hot and the production values are no worse than most gonzo titles on the shelf. It's shot POV style and they include a lot of face reaction shots from the girls, which is nice. There are some odd kinks, however.

What is sexy about a milk enema dripping out of a girl's ass? I'm asking honestly, because it doesn't do anything for me, good or bad.

The Ladies

1. Lucy Love

Love is a pretty brunette with a smoking hot body and she starts off her scene with a strip tease. Wow, that's a really well put together girl when just watching her pull of her clothes is a treat. Aaaaaand right to anal. That was fast. No blow job or anything. She makes all the right noises that make it seem like she's into the sex, which is kind of shallow at first. The guy goes in about an inch then pulls out for a gape shot.

The surprise here came, not when she went ass to mouth, but when she went ass to pussy and back to ass. She takes it in each hole missionary, side doggie and riding him on top. There are some weird cuts in what would usually be a single take that are jarring at best. She gets a vibe in the ass before her co-star drops a load on her steaming hole.

2. Sabina Black

A sexy, curvy brunette in a cheerleader-type outfit, Black wears pigtails and does a nice tease to kick things off. She does have really tiny nipples. I don't think I've ever seen any that small.

Business begins in earnest with a blow job while her shots come off to reveal she's wearing a butt plug. It comes out and the dick goes in while she starts sucking on the plug. She takes that cock every which way but loose, including some reverse cowgirl and ass-to-mouth.

She sounds into it and after a good reaming, she gets on her hands and knees for a milk enema. After a few turns dribbling milk out her ass, she takes a big pop on the face.

3. Natalli Di Angelo

A trim blonde in a pink jumpsuit, Di Angelo looks like she fell asleep in the tanning bed. She plays with herself a bit but a jump-cut takes us right to a deep doggie anal penetration.

She pants for it and gets the switch up from ass to pussy to ass again. Though it didn't go near her ass, she's sucking on the buttplug for a while, possibly enjoying the taste of Sabina.

She goes through lots of positions with a look on her face like she's feeling it, but in a good way. She ends it with another milk enema.

4. Sarah Twain

Twain wears the same outfit as Sabina Black, but it's hard to figure out her nationality. Latina maybe? Regardless, she's a hot one and gets right to the task at hand by sitting on one dick and sucking on a dildo.

This is the raunchiest of the scenes, but also includes the worst editing. After a DP, Twain takes both dicks in her ass at the same time. They switch positions a little, but there's not much moving can be done with two cocks up her butt.

Twain does ass-to-mouth, takes the switch from ass to pussy and gets spit-roasted before accepting two loads on her face.

5. Nikki Sun

Covergirl Sun is a sexy little blonde with a really nice body. She starts off wearing a pink tank top and a pair of black panties, but it doesn't take long before she's naked with a dick stuffed up her ass.

The butt plug returns again and she sucks on it while getting fucked hard. The anal action seems to make her purr as she's riding cock in every position.

The lighting here isn't the best or most flattering, but she doesn't look too bad. After dismounting her man, she gets the milk enema treatment and ends things by blowing her guy until he orgasms on her face.

Picture and Sound

This full-screen presentation had decent sound, though the lighting and editing need serious work. It's not the finest I've seen, but it's not the worst either. Only the editing might interrupt viewers' stroke.

Extras (not included in torrent)

Trailers for other Hundies discs are included as well as a photo gallery. No behind the scenes featurette was available and the scene selection component was clunky, but functional. No selecting inside the scene, though.

Summary

Better than some other efforts from Hundies, Stink Fillers 1 combines a basic premise (girls getting fucked in the ass) and attractive ladies to make a decent disc. With better editing and lighting, it would get a better rating, but as it is, this one is Rent It material.