Release Notes:                               
                                                                           
     You forge ahead through the thick, oppressive heat. Your erratic      
     heartbeat and amplified breaths are all that escape the hostile       
     stillness. Sweat beads down your face as an all too familiar          
     vibration breaks your concentration. You turn to face the threat      
     while the rookie lays down a wild burst of gunfire into the trees up  
     ahead. The jungle explodes into a fiery deathtrap with roars from     
     automatic weapons interrupting the incoherent shouts from your men.   
     Spin, aim, shoot, duck, dodge, fire. Your actions form a dance as     
     rapid explosions create a giant fireball of destruction. And then, as 
     quickly as the chaos sprang to life, it departs, slipping away into   
     the darkness. A downpour ensues, quelling the raging jungle, setting  
     things right once again. But there’s no time to rest. This is a war,  
     and you’ve got a job to do.                                           
     Experience the danger, fear, and unpredictability of lethal jungle    
     warfare against a cunning enemy in Vietcong, a first-person action    
     shooter set during the infamous conflict in Southeast Asia! Command   
     expertly trained members of the U.S. Special Forces on critical       
     missions through dangerous territories! You are the leader of one of  
     the finest fighting forces ever assembled. It's time to show the      
     world what you’re made of. 

System Requirements                                                       
                                                                             
   Minimum                                                                   
   700mhz Pentium 3 or 4 or AMD Athalon processor                            
   16X CD Rom                                                                
   1.8 GB free HD space                                                      
   256 MB Ram                                                                
   32 MB Video Card DirectX 8.1 compatible                                   
                                                                             
                                                                             
   Recommended                                                               
   1GHZ Pentium 4 and AMD Athalon Processor                                  
   32X CD Rom                                                                
   1.8 GB free HD space                                                      
   256+ MB Ram                                                               
   64 MB video card with DirectX 8.1 compatible