BEYOND RE-ANIMATOR

[img]http://home.tiscalinet.ch/mpaa3/images/a%20beyond%20reanimator%20dvd%20cover.jpg[/img]

Director Brian Yuzna 
Cast Tommy Dean Musset, Elsa Pataky, Bárbara Elorrieta, Ángel Plana, Javier Sandoval, Jeffrey Combs, Lolo Herrero, Enrique Arce, Santiago Segura 
Length 96 min 
Video Pal
Widescreen 1.85:1 , 16:9 
Languages DTS, Dolby Digital 5.1: Spanish . Dolby Digital 5.1: English, Catalan 
Subtitles English, Spanish 
DVD9 to DVD5 Decrypter+Rebuilder+CCE(9 pass)

Synopsis
Based on the story by H.P. Lovecraft, A zombie attacks a suburban family and a young woman is killed. Dr. Herbert West (Jeffrey Combs) arrives on the scene and is promptly arrested and taken away. A young boy, Howard, observes his sister's death, and as West is carted off, Howard finds a syringe filled with a growing, green liquid. The story then jumps ahead 13 years. West has been incarcerated and continues to conduct his bizarre experiments on the rats that he finds in prison. The Warden, (Simon Andreu) is an evil, domineering man, who rules over his prisoners. Howard (Jason Barry), now grown, arrives at the prison as the new doctor. Howard has chosen this prison in particular, as he wants to meet and work with West. West jumps at the chance to begin his experiments in a real lab again, and begins to work with Howard. A reporter, Laura (Elsa Pataky), comes to the prison to interview the Warden, and sparks fly between her and Howard. As Howard grows obsessed with his work with West, Laura begins to investigate West's past. Along with West's old experiments with bringing the dead back to life, he has also created a new theory which can put the "life-force" back into re-animated bodies. The Warden and Laura both begin to check up on Howard and West's experiments, and the secrets that they uncover leads to an insane orgy of death.

Other features
Interactive menus, Scene access, Film credits, Trailer, Musical video, Making of, Storyboard, Dossier, Audio commentary by Director

www.solodvd.org