BliffCordite's Bag Of Galactic Goodies (60's & 70's Psych, Prog, etc.)

All were wrangled wandering free in the intergalactic ether.

Big thanks to ChrisGoesRock for his sharing and as an inspiration.


BliffCordite

---------------------------------------------

FOXX - The Revolt Of Emily Young
(Decca DL-75 193) (1970) [From Vinyl LP]
Source:  NMR
Bitrate:  192k

Produzent / Producer: Buzz Cason

Musiker / Musicians:
Pepper Martin: guitar, vocals
Al Perkins: guitar, vocals
Little Joe Martin: drums, vocals
Butch Bourque: bass, vocals

Gast / Guest:
Buzz Cason: keyboards

New Bethel Awakening (Buzz Cason / Pepper Martin) / Rebecca's Prayer (Buzz Cason / Pepper Martin) / Dr. John (Buzz Cason / Pepper Martin) / Sunshine Children (Buzz Cason / Pepper Martin) / Rock Jock Bobby Sloan (Buzz Cason / Pepper Martin) / In The Garden (Buzz Cason / Pepper Martin) / Syndrome Of Change (Buzz Cason / Pepper Martin) / Highway Children (Buzz Cason / Pepper Martin) / Into Something Real (Buzz Cason / Pepper Martin) / Opus Epyllion (The Age Of Light) (Buzz Cason / Pepper Martin) / Flight Termination (Buzz Cason / Pepper Martin) / Just Another Village Incident (Buzz Cason / Pepper Martin) / Last Words (Buzz Cason / Pepper Wartin) / New Bethel Awakening II (Buzz Cason / Pepper Martin) / The Revolt Of Emily Young (Buzz Cason)

---------------------------------------------

Group 1850 - Paradise Now
Source:  NMR
Birtrate:  192k

Biography from AMG by Richie Unterberger

Group Eighteen Fifty is an interesting, if sometimes exasperating, late-'60s Dutch band who ranks among the most accomplished and original Continental rock acts of the era, though they made little impression in English-speaking territories. Starting as a more or less conventional beat band in the mid-'60s, they had taken a turn for the more psychedelic and bizarre by 1967. Determined to drive into the heart of the psychedelic beast, their songs (performed in English) are quite eclectic for the era, shifting from doom-laden tempos with growling vocals to sunny, utopian passages with breezy harmonies. The group could be roughly labeled as a mixture of the early Mothers of Invention (whom they supported at a Dutch concert in 1967) and Pink Floyd without much of a sense of humor; their songs are intriguing and not without powerful hooks, and the lyrics ambitious (if often inscrutable), but one's attention tends to wander over the course of an album, or even during their lengthier songs. Their late-'60s LPs are highly esteemed by some serious psych/progressive collectors.

Review from AMG	by Richie Unterberger

The group plays it spacier and lighter on their second album, with plenty of soaring guitars and keyboards and more diffuse compositions. The attractiveness of the ethereal sound almost obscures the fact that the songwriting lacks grist and cohesion. 

---------------------------------------------

Humble Pie - Natural Born Bugie:  The Immediate Anthology (1969 - 1970)
Source:  NMR
Bitrate: VBR/APS


Review from AMG by Stephen Thomas Erlewine

Steve Marriott left the Small Faces behind because he wanted to boogie. He no longer wanted to deal with the precious minutia and English whimsy that proved to be the Small Faces' greatest legacy; he wanted to adopt American blues, rock, and folk for his own -- a character trait not unique to Marriott, since not only his peers felt the same way, but also generations of British rockers who would decide to leave England behind for American roots music whenever they wanted to prove their authenticity. Humble Pie would later sink into heavy, obvious grandiosity, shooting for the cheap seats (and succeeding) in American stadiums, but the band's initial albums were fascinating amalgams of rustic folk, blues, and heavy rock with a slight progressive tinge, all underpinned by an earnest student's love for a form he doesn't quite intuitively understand. These were the records that Marriott made while Peter Frampton was still in the band, and the ex-Herd member proved to be pivotal to the group's success, since the group had two solid songwriters who fed off each other's energies. Not that they were perfect -- far from it, actually, since they were both too earnest and too eager to delve into directionless jams -- but the end result was fascinating, as Castle's excellent double-disc anthology Natural Born Bugie proves. Spanning two discs, this contains everything Humble Pie recorded for Immediate, including the band's debut single, As Safe As Yesterday Is, and Town and Country, plus no less than nine unreleased tracks and two songs only available on a German CD. This set makes a convincing argument that the group had a lot to offer in its early years, when country blues and folk were as prominent as driving bloozy boogie. So, there might not be any radio hits here, but this collection is often effective (and, at its worst, interesting) and easily the best way to hear the band at its peak. 

---------------------------------------------

Jody Grind - One Step On
Source:  NMR
Bitrate:  192

Info from http://www.alexgitlin.com/npp/jgrind.htm

A very daring, progressive, experimental, jazz-influenced group, typical of the period, dominated by the powerful keyboard work of Tim Hinkley.

---------------------------------------------

The Pretty Things - Unrepentant Anthology (2004)
Source:  NMR
Bitrate:  VBR/APS


Review from AMG by Chris Nickson

If there's a band that deserves a good compilation, it's the Pretty Things. Thankfully, Snapper has the rights to the band's entire catalog, and has done an excellent job of remastering individual albums. This best-of is derived from that remastered material and does the Pretty Things proud with an extensive and exhaustive trawl through the group's archives. All three major periods of their career -- R&B band, psychedelic pioneers, and rock & roll outfit -- get a workout, even going into their '80s new wave period with tracks like "Office Love." There are the obvious early high spots like "Rosalyn" and "Midnight to Six Man," but through "L.S.D." and "Defecting Grey" you can trace the rapid development that led to their masterpieces, S.F. Sorrow and the criminally undervalued Parachute. Whether their reinvention as California-inspired rockers was the best move remains debatable, although "Havana Bound" still packs a punch. Phil May, the band's consistent figure throughout, is one of the towering figures of British rock. Considering they began with an image even more outrageous than that of the Rolling Stones, they found their own voice quickly, and kept expanding it in solid ways that mark them as among the greats. As an introduction to a legendary band, this truly cannot be beat. 

---------------------------------------------

Spooky Tooth - Spooky Two (1969) [Remastered]
Source:  NMR
Bitrate:  VBR/APS


Review from AMG by Mike DeGagne

Spooky Two is this British blues-rock band's pièce de résistance. All eight of the tracks compound free-styled rock and loose-fitting guitar playing that result in some fantastic raw music. With Gary Wright on keyboards and vocals and lead singer Mike Harrison behind the microphone, their smooth, relaxed tempos and riffs mirrored bands like Savoy Brown and, at times, even the Yardbirds. With some emphasis on keyboards, songs like "Lost in My Dream" and the nine-minute masterpiece "Evil Woman" present a cool, nonchalant air that grooves and slides along perfectly. "I've Got Enough Heartache" whines and grieves with some sharp bass playing from Greg Ridley, while "Better By You, Better By Me" is the catchiest of the songs, with it's clinging hooks and desperate-sounding chorus. The last song, "Hangman Hang My Shell on a Tree," is a splendid example of this group's ability to play off of one another, mixing soulful lyrics with downtrodden instrumentation to conjure up the perfect melancholia. Although the band lasted about seven years, their other albums never really contained the same passion or talented collaborating by each individual musician as Spooky Two. 


01.	Waitin' For The Wind			03:30
02.	Feelin' Bad				03:19
03.	I've Got Enough Heartaches		03:25
04.	Evil Woman				09:01
05.	Lost In My Dream			05:03
06.	That Was Only Yesterday			03:53
07.	Better By You, Better Than Me		03:38
08.	Hangman Hang My Shell On A Tree		05:42

Bonus Tracks

09.	That Was Only Yesterday (Single A-Side)	03:53
10.	Oh! Pretty Woman (Single B-Side)	03:28
11.	Waiting For The Wind (Single A-Side)	03:30
12.	Feelin' Bad (Single B-Side)		03:17


---------------------------------------------

--=== A Small Fish For Everyone ===--

Shiver - Walpugis (1969 Swiss Progressive)
Source:  NMR (trust me, I'd never rip anything at 128k)
Bitrate:  128k

I like the music and wanted to share it.  If anyone can upgrade with a higher bitrate post, it would be much appreciated.

From http://www.progressiveworld.net/shiver.html
Reviewed by: John "Bo Bo" Bollenberg, January 2004

Originally released in 1969 on the Maris label (catalogue number 20501), this is the only album the Swiss band Shiver ever released. It also contains both tracks that were issued as a single: "Hey Mr. Holy Man"/"The Peddle." It also features the very first time the famous designer H. R. Giger delivered some of his art to become an album sleeve. Later on he would do it much more, with Emerson, Lake & Palmer?s Brain Salad Surgery being the most famous one. Again issued in a thick miniature album sleeve, this rather short album also contains a full family tree (which must be a hell of a job to do!), linking the band with names such as Toad and Brainticket whose music sometimes is a bit similar.

As happens a lot with recordings from that era, especially the drums sound overmodulated, which doesn?t mean we can?t enjoy this album, as we most certainly can. The opening instrumental "Repent Walpurgis" reminds me of early Procol Harum or even Ekseption. The sound is very bluesy, highlighting both Hammond organ and distorted guitar. As also happens a lot with bands from that era, longer progressive tracks alternate with shorter, more commercial sounding pieces. Because of the fact that an equal amount of music had to be spread on both sides of the vinyl album, some LPs therefore don?t sound logical at all. "What?s Wrong About The Blues" sounds like thousands of other blues songs from that period: repetitive and with tons of improvised harmonica playing. A bit in the tradition of similar projects from that era, "Hey Mr. Holy Man" is a ballad backed by Hammond organ and choir, whilst someone narrates on top of it.

Because in the sixties most bands performed a lot during dance events, they also played a lot of covers. Because people who attended those concerts were familiar with some of those covers, each time such a band decided to record/release an album they made sure one or more of those covers graced the album as well. In the case of Shiver they deliver a rhythmic version of the classic "Don?t Let Me Be Misunderstood" as performed by the Animals and later on turned into a huge disco smash hit by Santa Esmeralda. As happens a lot during early recordings, the sound of the tambourine is a little too shrill as is heard during "No Time." The album closes with the flip for Shiver?s only single, the instrumental "The Peddle," which once again is a mean blues song featuring piano, guitar and, sadly, an organ that is mixed way too far in the background. From a musical perspective, this certainly is not the world?s best album, as I?m sure thousands of other bands could deliver equally pleasing music. However, as a package, this results in a most enjoyable release that still might be of more interest to the H. R. Giger collector than the completist of underground psychedelic material.

Limited edition of 1000 numbered copies

More about Walpurgis:

Track Listing: Repent Walpurgis / Ode To The Salvation Army / Leave This Man Alone / What's Wrong About The Blues / Hey Mr. Holy Man / Don't Let Me Be Misunderstood / No Time / The Peddle

Musicians:
Dany Ruhle - lead guitar, harmonica, vocal
Jelly Pastorini - organ, piano
Mario Conza - bass, flute, vocal
Roger Maurer - drums, vocal
Peter Robinson - lead vocals

Discography

    * Walpurgis (1969/2003) 




