Wank in the Woods 2005
William Higgins

Synopsis: William Higgins, the legend, finally gets to film and show us a nude soccer match (football in Europe, and the boys here are Czech). Following the boys to the bus, to the match, on the field and their fun after the match and games are over, Wank in the Woods 2005 gives us one of the nicer J/O films, with great attention to body variety, attractiveness and camera work.

Review Abstract: (gayadultdvdreviews.com, Overall Rating: 4/5 STARS - Critic's Choice)

Higgins' filming of this match starts with the departure by bus of the boys for the game. Dressed in 'uniforms' that look great, including shirts from a movie on hitlerian youth, red bandanas- round their necks- and perfect shorts, the 12 stars, all models and dancers in Prague (available at praguebuddies.com, one of Higgins' web sites) start on their journey. We watch them get on the bus and then are on the bus with them and never really leave their side. It has a good feeling for that voyeur in us.

If we're expecting a sex packed DVD then this isn't what we're looking for: in fact, there's really little 'sex' in the film. We watch the boys on the bus, looking seductive and sexy, but doing their own thing, whether it's joking around, listening to music or playing a guitar. The 'boys on the bus' noisy bus-ride ends at a camp with a field. We see the boys take their shirts off and set the goals up, getting the field ready for play. We have, of course, by this time decided which of these boys, who are twinkish or jockish or both, we really HAVE to see. And some of those asses that we've picked are matched by the hanger those same guys are sporting.

Once the goals are set up, the boys start to strip down to NOTHING at all, not even sneaks for the game.......Totally naked boys, playing what turns out to be a fairly long game of soccer, with the two teams divided by the identification badge of the red bandana: one team wears it around their neck and the other doesn't. Just as Higgins indicates, after the game is over and we've been watching those cute little tushes run down the field kicking the ball, the boys line up for a series of races. They're followed by a very campy Olympic awards ceremony, where the three winners are crowned and given a red bandana to wear on their arms. All of that is followed by the 9 boys who are the audience, kissing the big toe of the winner. Now that's not in the Olympics!

The guys, hot, sweaty and still naked, go over to campfires and have a cookout. It's hear that the 'wanking' occurs. But Higgins and the boys aren't in any hurry to get there. It happens, but if we're pushing the button in our heads saying "hurry up", we'll get a bit frustrated. This is a DVD with scenery and it's not hurrying to anything. The boys here and there stroke their cocks and once that begins, the others follow. Soon enough, we get the spectacularly beautiful sight of 12 young guys, sitting on logs around the campfire, all jerking and starting to help the guy next to them jerk as well. It's not your usual circle jerk scene.

While there is some on-the-knees oral sucking that happens, the jerking off is still the centerpiece and the film's title is accurate. If this isn't a Wank in the Woods, then it's a huge Wank next to the Woods.. There is more as we follow the boys back, to their clothes, to the bus and all the way back home on that ride as well, with yawning, sleepy boys some in shirts and some not.

The enigmatic Higgins has always made films that have a heavy aesthetic stamp: it's about the beauty of it all as well as about the sexual. There are times in his films when he tips to one side or the other, but his intent is to make beautiful porn, not just porn. Wank in the Woods 2005 tips way to the side of the beauty and fun of youthfulness, being naked, sports and jerking off with friends. The boys, some aspiring muscle guys and some the slim twinkers, some blonde, some dark haired, some shaved, some long haired, some....... You get the point: they're all nice to look at, especially in motion.

While it's not a sex-packed DVD, it's a good one for those of us who like the 'jock' aesthetic. It would be nice to see an american football version of this by Higgins, though with his living over in Europe, that might be more difficult for him to do.

85 minutes, 2 WindowsMedia (.wmv) files, likely ripped from streaming site, no DRM
Audio: Windows Media Audio 22050Hz stereo 32Kbps
Video: Windows Media Video 7 360x240 15.00fps 262Kbps