Here's a review I cribbed from another site:

In the annals of comedic filmmaking, you?ve got your Mel Brooks?s, your Woody Allen?s, Your John Waters?s?. Len Cella blows them all out of the water. This extraordinarily gifted artist not only writes, directs, and stars in every one of his creations, much like Orson Welles in Citizen Kane but he goes several steps further, being the entire cast and crew in every one of his many films. He?s the art designer, he?s the sound person, he?s the title maker (and they?re nice titles by the way) He plays every single role and he?s made over 100 films (perhaps several hundred). So why haven?t you heard of him?

Well, probably because you?re a square, a nebbish, a regular Mr. Belvedere when it comes to what?s hip. Here, let me enlighten you.

Len Cella was (is?, someone please let me know if he?s still alive and whether or not he?s still making these things) a genius who began making his ?moron movies? in 1968. This 60 minute tape contains over a hundred of them. Apparently they were a regular feature on NBC?s Tonight Show. If this is true I?ve got to wonder what Johnny Carson was thinking. Was Cella an old army buddy of his or something? These films are simply the most ideotic things I have ever seen but I love them. Len, a middle aged man with thick glasses, a monotone voice and gray hair, does every single thing himself. In most of these films he appears on camera, though in some, he lets his homemade props tell the jokes.

A typical Cella film is ?Silent Smoke Alarm? featuring Len (without his glasses) sleeping with a cigar in his mouth. An inept fake spider, which looks like it is made out of paper, descends on his face. Len screams. That?s it. Get it? I don?t either really, but if you don?t like that one there are about a hundred others. Len never seems to run out of ideas.

These truly do become charming and kind of hypnotic after a while. You have to wonder whether Len Cella really thinks he?s funny or if he is trying to be ironic. I will bet you anything that modern comic Neil Hamburger is familiar with his work. Ever resourceful, Len can make warts out of baby bottle nipples, a snake out of play-doh or just about anything he needs out of anything he has in his house. I would assume Len lives alone, as there is no trace of another person assisting in any of his films. Several of these are filmed in what appears to be his backyard (ex: ?How to Kick Yourself?, Len jumps onto a mattress with a boot attached). You just know this guy?s neighbors? loved him.

While most of these are shot on video in the eighties, there are a few which appear to be on 8mm film which feature a darker haired Len and dubbed sound. These must have been from his earlier period. There is one film from this period- ?King Dong?, where Len gets a tad raunchy. It is a truly disturbing spectacle that I won?t describe here.

I first discovered Len several years ago through his ?More Moron Movies? video, which I can?t now find anywhere. I am sure that both of these tapes are out of print but for some reason, both Blockbusters? in my town have this volume on the shelf. ?More Moron Movies? is more of the same but both tapes are well worth seeking out if only to see just how idiotic something can be. Really, it never gets boring, none of the films are over thirty seconds long. I actually found it to be quite inspiring. This is living proof that anyone with a camera can make their own comedic shorts. If your local video store has one of these tapes in stock by all means rent it. Then go ahead and make your own ?Moron Movies?. And just wait until you see Len?s impression of a bowling ball. Eegah!, you?ll be thanking me later.
