 http://www.so-king.com/soft/views.asp?hw_id=1028

please see my server 


 
http://down.so-king.com:8080/ 



server 1 


server 2 


server 3 


server 4 


server 5 


server 6
 
HTTP://WWW.SO-KING.COM/SOFT 

EdgeCAM 11.5, the latest release of Pathtrace's advanced CNC offline programming system, will be demonstrated for the first time on Stand K19 at the forthcoming Southern Manufacturing Show, which takes place at Thorpe Park in Surrey on 7 th & 8 th February 2007. 

Offering time savings of up to 50% in the generation of cutter toolpaths, the latest EdgeCAM release delivers a wealth of new functionality to support machining on both traditional and latest generation multi-axis machines. 

EdgeCAM 11.5 further expands the established multi-axis simultaneous machining strategies. Improvements to the system's 5-Axis capabilities help streamline the programming of machines with standard or complex table configurations, for example nutated tables. 5-Axis roughing capability, a new feature in version 11.5, addresses the machining requirements of industries such as aerospace and automotive. 

The key to successful manufacturing lies in the effective use of innovative technology. The enhanced Rest Finishing cycle puts the focus firmly on optimised toolpath generation by offering a new strategy that automatically selects the most appropriate toolpath for steep or shallow finishing operations, ensuring optimum workpiece surface finish. 

Also on show at Southern Manufacturing will be EdgeCAM DNC, Pathtrace's recently-introduced DNC (direct numerical control) solution. Based on Ethernet networking technology, EdgeCAM DNC's wireless machine tool communication, data management and data monitoring provide users with an easy and reliable way to manage all their shop floor communications. 

EdgeCAM DNC offers automatic upload, download and drip-feed of CNC files from the network to any machine tool, for fast and accurate program transfer without the need for shop floor PCs. The system also includes transaction tracking and logging and automatic file history storage. In addition, EdgeCAM DNC Pro provides integrated data management via drag & drop functionality, file revision control and automatic versioning. The program utilises an SQL database for file management, to ensure complete traceability and quality control. 
