Putumayo Presents:
Nuevo Latino  2004
Innovative Latin music by exciting new artists from Latin America and beyond. 
Rip VBR
Fcover Included.

In the 1990s, the term "Nuevo Latino" was coined to describe a new type of cuisine that blends ingredients from Latin America, Europe and the U.S. to create an exciting and original fusion. A similar blend has occurred in the music world. Young artists from the Americas and beyond have used a stock of Latin rhythms, portions of alternative rock, reggae and electronica, spiced with local languages, rhythms and instruments to create a flavorful musical stew. 
In this new Latin music, hints of Cuban son, Brazilian bossa nova, Argentinean tango, Colombian cumbia can be heard alongside touches of contemporary blues, loungy surf music, ragamuffin, trip-hop and hip-hop.The mélange reflects the multicultural influences guiding a new generation of musicians. 
Nuevo Latino features the Cuban soul of singer and songwriter Raul Paz, Mexican musical and cultural revolutionaries Los de Abajo and newcomer Federico Aubele, who presents subtle remixes of tango from his native Argentina. The Eric Clapton-inspired guitar of Spanish superstar Jarabe De Palo reveals the deep influence of blues on his music. 
New York band Mosquitos offers a beguiling blend of accessible rock and bossa nova.The multicultural background of London-based Kad Achouri is reflected in his intriguing music. French/Spanish singer Sergent Garcia?s mix of Cuban salsa, Jamaican reggae and ragamuffin have earned him worldwide fame. 
Nuevo Latino also features Acida, an Argentinean husband and wife duo that perform loungy Latin music. Spanish singersongwriter Javier Álvarez, who was discovered singing in Madrid?s subways, is featured as our Colombian alternative rockers Aterciopelados. The collection is closed out by Kana, a French reggae band with a Spanish lead singer. 
The artists on the Nuevo Latino collection represent some of Putumayo?s favorite songs by singer-songwriters, remixers and rockers who are among the innovators of these exciting new directions in Latin music. 


Tracklist:
Raul Paz - Mulata 
Los de Abajo - El Indio 
Federico Aubele - Postales 
Jarabe De Palo - El Lado Oscuro 
Mosquitos - Rainsong 
Kad Achouri - Mi Negra 
Sergent Garcia - Mi Ultima Voluntad 
Acida - Presente Permanente 
Javier Álvarez - Por Qué Te Vas 
Aterciopelados - Mañana 
Kana - Original


This is one of the many Putumayo´s records I have in mind to upload, so please help keep seeding after you downloaded.
Enjoy It!
Ulysses56 
