Putumayo Records Presents:
Celtic Crossroads 2005
Ancient traditions meet modern technology in this captivating overview of contemporary Celtic music.  
Rip 192kbs
Frontcover included

Putumayo presents a new collection of Celtic music, returning to a genre that has generated some of the label?s best-selling titles. Celtic Crossroads provides a glimpse of exciting new directions in music from Ireland, Scotland, Wales, France and Eastern Canada. 
The roots of contemporary Celtic culture stretch back thousands of years. Modern Celtic music maintains a deep connection to this distant past, with many of today?s Celtic musicians combining haunting medieval melodies, rustic folk songs and traditional Gaelic lyrics with electronic beats, rock, reggae and other modern elements. Indeed, this juxtaposition of past and present, tradition and modernity has helped keep Celtic music thriving and relevant to new generations. 
In the 1990s, Celtic music experienced a worldwide surge in popularity thanks to Enya, Loreena McKennitt, Clannad and others who updated traditional Celtic music. As the songs on Celtic Crossroads reveal, inventive artists have created a second wave of boundary-crossing music that appeals to fans of both traditional and popular music. 
Celtic Crossroads features the enchanting voice of Sinèad O?Connor, the controversial pop star who recently returned to her traditional Irish music roots, and Emer Kenny, whose wistful voice and atmospheric style have earned her comparisons to Enya and Björk. Young up-and-coming vocalists Cara Dillon from Ireland and Welsh discovery Gwenno also contribute captivating performances. 
Virtuoso musicians such as Ireland?s wooden flute master Michael McGoldrick, Cape Breton violinist extraordinaire Ashley MacIsaac (in a duet with fellow Canadian Mary Jane Lamond) and gifted accordionist Mick McAuley, a member of leading Celtic band Solas, are all featured on Celtic Crossroads. 
The collection also highlights cutting-edge bands like Scotland?s Capercaillie, Peatbog Faeries and Keltik Elektrik, all of whom have stretched the boundaries of traditional Celtic music and helped it cross over to more mainstream audiences. Veteran Breton harpist Alan Stivell shows that even old-timers can be innovators, as he blends hip-hop beats and turntablism with ancient Celtic melodies. 

Tracklist:
Emer Kenny - Parting Glass 
Capercaillie - Hoireann O 
Keltik Elektrik - Wild Mountain Thyme 
Michael McGoldrick - Sully's No.37/Lucy's Reel 
Gwenno - Tryweryn 
Mick McAuley - The House Carpenter 
Cara Dillon - She's Like the Swallow 
Alan Stivell - E Kreiz Hag Endro 
Sinéad O'Conner - Her Mantle So Green 
Peatbog Faeries - Captain Coull's Parrot 
Ashley MacIsaac featuring Mary Jane Lamond - To America We Go 

This is one of the many Putumayo´s records I have in mind to upload, so please help keep seeding after you downloaded.
Enjoy It!
Ulysses56


For more info: http://www.putumayo.com/
