The first album (released in 1980) by The Flesh Eaters, a band comprised of many of the great figures of the L.A. underground at the time, including Chris D, DJ Bonebrake (of X), John Doe (X), and Dave Alvin (The Blasters).

    Guitar: Dave Alvin
    Bass: John Doe
    Voice, Maracas: Chris D
    Sax, Rhythm Sticks: Steve Berlin,
    Maracas, Snare, Marimbas: DJ Bonebrake
    Drums: Bill Bateman

Tracks: 

1. Sleeping Sickness
2. Jesus Don't Come Through The Cotton
3. Police Gun Jitters
4. Dynamite Hemorrhage
5. Ten Inch Razor
6. Kiss On My Cheek
7. Suicide Saddle
8. Cry Baby Killer
9. Dominoes
10. Crazy Boy
11. Child Comes First, The
12. Home Of The Brave
13. Impossible Crime
14. No Questions Asked
15. Word Goes Flesh
16. Pony Dress
17. Version Nation
18. Disintegration Nation
19. Agony Shorthand
20. Radio Dies Screaming
21. Twisted Road
22. Disintegration Nation - (alternate take, demo)
23. Agony Shorthand
24. Twisted Road

Review from agonyshorthand.blogspot.com:

So here we are with the 1980 Flesh Eaters debut, ?No Questions Asked?, packaged with their debut 7?EP ?Disintegration Nation?, three tracks from a the awesome Chris D.-helmed LA punk compilation ?Tooth and Nail?, and three more rare demos procured from the teeming Flesh Eaters tape collection of Byron Coley. Is that friggin? great, or what? And it?s funny, I feel after listening to this complete package a few times that I?ve probably never given ?No Questions Asked? the stand-alone respect it deserves. Sure, I?ve always loved the thing and played the grooves off my LP ? there?s nary a duff track on here (I even like the fake dub of ?Cry Baby Killer? most of the time), and it?s a blistering bag of hot-tempered, raw LA punk rock with understated guitar and the LP-length debut of Chris D.?s award-winning hothouse vocals. But of their four records, it was always my fourth favorite due to its cobbled-together, multiple-lineup nature, which renders it a bit scattered when stacked next to the cohesive, major-league whomp of the other three. ?No Questions Asked? takes a bunch of different Flesh Eaters live lineups from 1978-79, throws in a few LA punk/new wave-era heavyweights (Tito Larriva, Stan Ridgeway, Karla ?Mad Dog? whatever her name was) as ?session? musicians, and where it suffers at all, it?s in the lack of sheer rocks-out raw power that they made into a trademark just one record later. But man, the proverbial apples and oranges, right? It?s just an incredible slasher of an album, with all-time killers like ?Police Gun Jitters?, ?Dominoes?, ?Crazy Boy?, ?The Child Comes First? and the razor-sharp title track. It?s a ?punk? album very much in keeping with its era and peers, but something about it speaks to a whole ?nuther musical/lyrical language being shaped and articulated by Chris D., a guy who comes about as close to a ?poet? as any hard-drinking 70s punk ever did. In other words, in reading his lyrics, I find little if anything to be embarrassed about; on the contrary, there are some wild, feverish verses on here that speak to a man with a bizarrely fascinating and ultra-imaginative mind, and the means to assemble it into spat-out word clusters that make a crazy sort of (non)sense.  More: http://agonyshorthand.blogspot.com/2004/05/flesh-eaters-no-questions-asked.html