Tristán + Isolde

YEAR: 2006

DIRECTED BY: Kevin Reynolds

CAST:James Franco, Sophia Myles, Rufus Swell, David O'Hara, Henry Cavill, JB Blanc, Jamie King, Leo Gregory, Richard Dillane, Wolfgang Müller, Barbora Kodetová, Marek Vasut, David Fisher, Bronwen Davies, Kevin Flood, Philip O'Sullivan, Nevin Finnegan

TIME:120'

GENERE: History / Drama / Epic

PLOT SUMMARY:"Tristan and Isolde" is set in Britain, in the Early Middle Ages, after the fall of the Roman Empire in the 5th century. British kingdoms are in the process of uniting under Lord Marke (Rufus Sewell), to become stronger against attacks by the Irish king Donnchadh (David O'Hara).

The British knight Tristan of Aerygone (James Franco) is apparently killed in combat with Morholt, leader of Donnchadh's army and to whom Princess Isolde (Sophia Myles) has been promised in marriage. However, Tristan is not dead, only suffering from the effects of Morholt's poisoned blade; before the fight is over, Tristan does indeed kill Morholt and Donnchadh's army is decimated.

Tristan's body is put out to sea on a funeral boat which eventually washes up along the shores of Ireland, in enemy territory, with Tristan still alive. He is discovered by Isolde and her maid Bragnae, who administer an antidote that revives the knight and then secretly nurse him back to health. Tristan and Isolde fall in love; Isolde does not disclose her real name. After some time Tristan is forced to flee back to Britain.

Still plotting to defeat Britain, Donnchadh proposes a, peace treaty, with his daughter Isolde is to be married to the winner of a tournament. Tristan participates on behalf of his uncle Marke, unaware that the "prize" Isolde is the woman he fell in love with in Ireland. He wins but is shocked when he realizes the truth; she is consequently betrothed to Marke.

Although Marke is kind to Isolde, her love for Tristan is overpowering, and Tristan is tortured by their situation. Despite the marriage, Tristan and Isolde resume their affair, albeit secretly. The affair is discovered by rivals of King Marke's, weakening his position and setting off a new war with Ireland abetted by the traitorous Lord Wictred. Marke is first angry, but after Isolde explains he becomes understanding of their situation and offers Tristan and Isolde the choice to run off together. Tristan chooses to stay, however; and in a battle with Donnchadh's army, he is mortally wounded by Wictred and eventually dies in Isolde's arms.

SYSTEM: PAL REGION FREE

MENUS: ENGLISH, SPANISH

AUDIO:ENGLISH Dolby Digital 5.1, SPANISH Dolby Digital 5.1

SUBTITLES:Spanish, English

RELAtION ASPECT: 16:9, 2.35:1

INFO EXTRA: Deleted antycopy advertisings & promotional trailers 

FORMAT: DVD9 => DVD5

COMPRESSION: DVDRemake + DVDRebuilder + HC 
- Reduction Level for DVD-5: 75,6%
- Overall Bitrate : 4.164Kbs
- Space for Video : 3.670.592KB
