Mitchell On Demand 2002 Domestic.

°Ü²ß ±  ... TYPE ; APP                        RELEASE DATE ; 04-19-2002 ± ²ß²Ü°
Þ²Û  °  SUPPLIER ; TEAM SiNiSTER              FORMAT ..... ; .bin/.cue  ° ± Û²Ý
°Þ²Ý    PACKAGED ; Kurtz                      TOTAL CDS .. ; 08           °Þ²Ý°
°°ÛÛ    ... PROT ; serial                     FILES ...... ; ALOT          ÛÛ°°
°°ÛÛ    ..... OS ; Win9x/NT/ME/2000           Tester.......; Kurtz         ÛÛ°

Powerful yet simple to navigate, Mitchell 1's OnDemand5 Repair has been 
completely redesigned to deliver sophisticated search capability with increased
speed. You'll save valuable time using brand new shortcuts to TSBs, wiring
diagrams, and more! even mods on isonews could use this app

Detailed procedures include hyperlinks to thousands of helpful illustrations.

Access OnDemand5 Repair and Estimator from a single, simple home screen. Your 
saved estimates and bookmarked lookups are always just a click away. 

OnDemand5 features the industry-best wiring diagrams you'd expect from 
Mitchell 1. Now, there's a new shortcut that takes you straight to the wiring
for the car you're working on.  

More Coverage than Anybody Else:
Accessories 
Airbags 
Air Conditioning & Heating 
Brakes 
Clutches 
Diagnostics 
Drive Axles 
Electrical 
Emission Controls 
Engine Cooling 
 Engine Performance 
Maintenance 
Quick Fixes & Tech Tips 
Recalls 
Steering 
Suspension 
Technical Service Bulletins 
Transmission Servicing & Electronic Diagnosis 
Wheel Alignment 
Wiring Diagram 

Valuable Data:

1983-current year Domestic & Import Model Coverage 
Clear, Concise Illustrations & Diagrams 
Time-saving TSBs, Recalls, & Technical Tips 
Detailed, Accurate Repair Articles 
Model-Specific Maintenance Schedules
Electronic Component Locator for all Models 
A quick note about wiring diagrams:

Ours are the best.

OEM wiring diagrams tend to vary between manufacturers because there really
isn't an industry formatting standard. We completely redraw every single OEM
wiring diagram before it goes into our database, meticulously verifying every
detail. The end result is a consistent look and feel to every diagram in our
products. And because they're redrawn - not scanned - they take up much less
space on a CD-ROM or DVD, allowing us to put more information on each disc.
This increases your computer's access speed because your CPU has smaller
files to chase down.


        Ü ² ------------                                                    
       ÛÛ ²ÛÛÝÛÛ²ÞÛ² ÜÛ²ß                                                   
      ÞÛÞÝÛÞ ² Û ÛÜÜÞ²ÜÜ   Install Notes                                    
       Û ÛÝÛÛ² ² ÛÜÜ ÜÜÛ²   -----------                                      
       Þ ß ---------- ßß                                                     

You will need 2 floppys..Once you unrar cd1.There will be the 2 floppy setup
exe's there..after making the floppy setup disks. place cd1 of domestic in 
and floppy 1 in..run setup off of the floppy..when it gets to the
regestration page enter any name and serial numeber 

Note if you have last years version installed just put cd1 in and it will
update..You must atleast download cd1 of domestic to install the import
part which we will release in a couple days..if you do not want to download
the whole set. just get cd1 domestic run set etc..
search for your car see what cd it wants then just download that one..
to update last years version incert cd1.open mitchell goto registration
and click on update...                                                                 

URL: http://www.mitchellrep.com/products/repair.asp


