ARTIST: Senses Fail
TITLE: Still Searching
LABEL: Vagrant
GENRE: Rock
BITRATE: 249kbps avg
PLAYTIME: 0h 40m total
RELEASE DATE: 2006-10-10
RIP DATE: 2006-09-25

Track List
----------
1.  The Rapture                      1:57
2.  Bonecrusher                      2:33
3.  Sick or Sane (Fifty For a        2:45
    Twenty)
4.  Can't Be Saved                   3:07
5.  Calling All Cars                 3:23
6.  Shark Attack                     2:53
7.  Still Searching                  4:18
8.  To All The Crowded Rooms         3:05
9.  Lost and Found                   3:50
10. Every Day is a Struggle          3:04
11. All The Best Cowboys Have Daddy  4:05
    Issues
12. Negative Space                   1:22
13. The Priest and the Matador       4:21

Release Notes:

Not many musicians influenced by punk, hardcore and metal are also well versed
in poetry, literature and comparative religion. Then again, not many musicians
are in Senses Fail.
While dozens of their peers continue to create soul-rendering music about the
girls who shattered their hearts and ruined their lives, the Bergen County, New
Jersey five piece takes a more intellectual approach to sonic catharsis. Even
the name Senses Fail comes from frontman Buddy Nilelsen?s interest in
spirituality.
?In Hinduism, they believe that being alive is hell, and the only way to reach
Nirvana is to ultimately have no attachments to anything,? he explains. ?So,
people go out and live in the middle of the woods and they don?t eat and don?t
drink. They just meditate because they?ve reached such a high level where
they?re not attached to love, relationships or anything. And if you want to
reach the highest level of being and see God, you have to have all your senses
fail.?
The band?s full-length debut, Let It Enfold You, is a melodic and an emotionally
revealing slugfest that dives into unusual and refreshing subject matter. The
title track is named after a poem by nihilistic author and poet Charles
Bukowski, ?The Irony of Dying on Your Birthday? draws from the work of
mythologist Joseph Campbell and the lyrics of ?Slow Dance? are comprised of
lines from Dao De Jing.
?I was really into Daoism for a while and I really to write a song explaining
what it was about?the ideaof living a pacifist path. You let things come and you
let things go. You don?t get overexcited or overly upset. I?m a very emotional
guy. I?m either really upset or really happy. There?s no in between. So I?m
always tryin to find that middle ground where I can be happy.?
Fourtunately, Senses Fail?s brains are matched by their brawn. Let It Enfold You
is a powerful, inviting and triumphant manifesto of youthful energy and turmoil.
From the tumbling rhythms and piercing guitar fill of the storming ?Tie Her
Down? to the tuneful vocal harmonies and blood-chilling screams of ?You?re Cute
When You Scream? to the surging, stop-start rhythms and pointed vocals of ?Bite
To Break Skin? the band delivers with the consistency and power of veterans, not
an outfit that has only been around since 2002.
A year before Senses Fail where officially born, Nielsen posted an ad for band
members on a musician?s Web board. Guitarist and background vocalist Garrett
Zablocki responded, and the two started jamming with guys Zablocki knew from a
previous band he had been in. Guitarist and background singer Dave Miller and
drummer Dan Trapp joined when their other group broke up, and after going
through a couple bassists who didn?t work out, Senses Fail nabbed ex-Tokyo Rose
member Mike Glita. The band wrote and practiced a bunch of originals, and lined
up gigs at VFW halls and small clubs throughout New Jersey.
Then Senses Fail entered the studio in 2002 with producer John Naclerio,
recording two three-song demos. The material turned into an EP called, From The
Depths of Dreams. The response to the disc was so strong that just a couple
weeks after its release, the band was being courted by larger labels. The
collection sold well, and the band supported it with numerous well-recieved
tours, including Finch, Millencolin, and the Starting Line. From The Depths of
Dreams would later be re-issued with two bonus tracks.
After they finished touring, Senses Fail returned to the studio with Saves The
Day producer Steve Evetts to record Let It Enfold You, their most challenging
and rewarding experience to date. ?We killed ourselves over and over trying to
say what we wanted, and make the record the best it could be,? Nielsen says. ?I
just feel like we got lucky to be where we are now, and now we have to prove
ourselves and really earn it.?
Senses Fail preceded the release of the album with a prominent spot on the
Warped Tour and will tour exhaustively through 2004. In addition, Senses Fail
are writing music g

