XPAND RALLY US FR PL 

Developer................Techland ยบ Relase date.............2004-10-15 
Protection.......Starforce 3.3+VM ยบ Relase type...................Game 
Cracker:..............Team Ultima ยบ System.........................Win 
Protection rate..............7/10 ยบ Game rate.....................8/10 

dezsription 

Xpand Rally is a breathtaking game that gives you the true to life    
experience of driving powerful rally cars amidst photorealistic      
sceneries. Realistic weather effects, rolling hills, and animated    
scenery all add to game's visual perfection. Xpand Rally also features 
highly detailed models of modern rally cars and handling physics      
developed with the help of rally sport professionals which further    
enhance the realism of driving experience.                            
                                                                      
Xpand Rally combines the best elements of Rally and Rally Cross racing 
in one unique gaming experience. The game offers a career mode based  
on time trials during both: individual races and World Championship  
Series which will satisfy traditional Rally fans. The Rally Cross fans 
won't be disappointed either - they can challenge several opponents  
in head to head racing during competitions based on real and fictitiou 
race events.                                                          
                                                                      
Xpand Rally, as the only title on the market, brings the economy facto 
into a rally game. The player starts with a junk car and competes    
in races to earn money and acquire upgrades, repair damage, tweak    
performance and pay the race entry fees. Along with the tuning-up,    
the car's condition affects its handling. Due to accurate damage      
system, it is highly dependent on the player's driving skills.        
The physical handling model is also influenced by car parts          
configuration and provides both authentic feel and joy of driving.    
                                                                      
The interactive race track surroundings with enhanced game physics    
and the innovative approach to changing daytime and weather conditions 
both influencing the car handling, are other hallmarks of Xpand Rally 
that distinguish it from other racing games.                          
                                                                      
For the first time among rally games Xpand Rally includes a complete  
set of easy-to-use editing tools enabling to create new tracks, cars  
or even game mods.                                                    
                        www.xpandrally.com                          

Wow, very sad they did not officially mention Open Dynamics Engine,  
which was used to achieve those "enhanced game physics".