The Cardiacs are pretty damn big in Fetcham and Leatherhead. They have also been known to go down well in Scunthorpe, Redcar and even the Marquee! They defy categorization in both geographical and musical terms. They are, to be blunt, Weird.
Say an ambulance carrying the entire concert party from ?it ain?t half hot mum? were to crash into the side of a Bells whiskey tanker and ricochet into an instrument shop. If, at the time, the owner of that shop happened to be playing Madness LP at every speed except the right one, then the whole mess would look like something Bosch had painted. In the dark. With his hands tied behind his back. And it would sound just like the Cardiacs. Come to think of it; it?d look just like the Cardiacs too!
So if your taste is for the grotesque, then the rocky horror Cardiac parody request stop could be just the tonic you need.

Roger Holland


The Cardiacs
?Big Ship? (Alphabet)
Melody Maker March 1987
(Tracks Included on ?Songs For Ships And Irons CD)

These days five songs apparently constitutes a mini-album, but I shan?t mention my sarcasm to The Cardiacs in case they smile in my direction. I believe that they must be gorgeously attractive people really, because they?ve got far too much mileage out of that "ugly" photo, slapping it on the cover this time round to keep sales at rock bottom. Moving on from rock?s bottom, but into just as dangerous a territory, the title track sounds like those ancient monsters Procul Harum, trapped in some horrendous storm. Memories of Gruppo Sportivo even come sneaking through, but The Cardiacs hold their own ridiculous heads high, only wreaking their vocals, the heavy keyboards and thumping bass refusing to crumble. Unfortunately "Tarred And Feathered" sounds like spotty kids running round a piano, while the dustbin drums of "Burn Your House Down" reminds me only of dreamy Saturday afternoons when the "Playaway" band would do their thing. They?re old bastudds, which is why their moodiest tune, "Stoneage Dinosaurs", sounds like a sixties dollop; violins, saxophones and funeral paced drums entwined in an impressively restrained operation but way too long, just as "Plane Plane Against The Grain" s too brief; everyone accidentally triggering off a 17th century court dance. But then with Cardiacs everything is accidental, especially good taste.
Arrest these peasants before they get another chance.

Mick Mercer


The Cardiacs
?Big Ship? (Alphabet)
(Tracks Included on ?Songs For Ships And Irons CD)

The Cardiacs ?Big Ship? (Alphabet) is a lunatic stomp around the playground in an effort to shake off an equity card/fringe theatre staginess. It?s clashing images of Victorian asylums and kids TV provide light relief from po-faced contemporaries but are ultimately doomed to end up as a film school super eight sound track or be dance to by Michael Clark.

Andy Royston


Single of the week.
Cardiacs
There?s Too Many Irons In The Fire (The Alphabet Business Concern)
Sounds Sept 1987
(Tracks Included on ?Songs For Ships And Irons CD)

Well. If we are first to flirt with the music, imagery and connotations of the 70?s, why not go the whole hog and be done with it? Cardiacs span the decade bordered by the (first) Mexico World Cup and the Moscow Olympics, extracting many of it┬╣s better qualities and whisking them into a valid concoction for the ?80?s.
At least Cardiacs are well qualified for the task, being formed just after the eruption of punk, and representing the marriage between Van Der Graaf Generator and the Alberto?s. But forget the associations for a while Cardiacs can write, Cardiacs can play, and by God Cardiacs can perform. The public are way ahead of the press in recognizing this, probably because music writers in general (most of who?s tastes were developed in the late ?70?s) have palpitations forming mental images of technicians in split knee loons with twin-neck guitars suffocating the child that once was the baby called new wave. The avenging angel is Steve Hillage. But Cardiacs are not indulgent or boring two of the three tracks featured here are short, and the long ?un ?Loosefish Scapegrace?, thoroughly justifies itself. Clever rock music that is not patronizing and which has a sturdy backbone.

Pretty damn fantastic actually.

Andy Hurt.