Here's another chapter in my ongoing Osmond Torrents. It features The Long Awaited Solo Debut of Marie, The Solo Debut of Jay & The Solo Debut Of Merrill Osmond. There's something here for everyone. I Even included the very hard to find complete soundtrack of Marie's Rose Petal Place where she played the voice and sung the character of Rose Petal in the early '80s. This is a nearly complete disography of Marie's (Her Albums as a duo with Donny are in a separate torrent), including a few tracks from her LP Which Way You Going Billy, that I couldn't even find a track listing of in her Discography. This torrent takes her from her debut in 1973 Paper Roses LP all the way up to her '90s Best Of Marie Collection. I hope you enjoy all these Marie Osmond songs plus the Merrill & Jay Stuff I threw in as a bonus.  

My hope is that all you other Osmond fans please seed this to keep it "alive" so others may enjoy listening to these older classics. There's nothing quite like listening to these oldies but goodies from back in the day. As usual I'll be keeping track of how this does on the network and hope you other fans give back by seeding this so others can enjoy it also. I mean, after all most of us know how frustrating it can be to want to download something nice and there just isn't anyone around to help us out. 

I am preparing a huge 31 LP/Cd Osmond Brothers torrent that will be a nearly complete discography of the brothers. I am putting the finishing touches on it now, trying to find album covers for the many LP's that will be included. Exactly when I post it all depends on when I finish finding the covers (I have the entire collection all ready and converted into mp3 files as well as all the files are properly named and organized) as well as depending on how this Marie, Merrill & Jay goes.

As always I encourage all their fans to continue to buy the newer things they make available to us. Just to show you that I "do" as I encourage others to also, I just purchased the Donny and Marie Tv Show Vol #1 dvd as well as tickets to see Donny and Marie Live in Vegas in July '08, in addition to seeing the others in Branson a couple years ago. So, believe me, I do continue to keep supporting the family by purchasing the newer things as I suggest to all their fans.

I am making these older things available because it is my thought that we might not see a re-release of much of this vinyl onto cds any time soon, if at all. I don't want to deprive other fans from enjoying listening to these songs on their older LP's as I have been able to do since I put them into my computer a while back. So, I'm sharing what I do have. I encoded these, cleaned them up as best as I could, etc.

If some albums aren't complete, not to worry. I did these years ago, and have the original LP's that I bought and paid for in storage. If I find the time, any missing tracks and/or other albums I will (again if time permits) inlclude them in a future missing tracks osmond torrent or in the Brothers large torrent I'm completing now when I can find the time free. It all all is dependent on when I can make the time available to re-rip those vinyl LP's. In the meantime, enjoy another part (should be part 4) of the continuing Osmond torrent series I'm uploading.

Osmondmania

Track List:

Jay Osmond:

It's About Time
Released 1994

1. Even Cowboys Like A Little Rock & Roll
2. That's My Girl
3. Girl
4. Fallin' In Love Again
5. Wipeout
6. Country Boy
7. Topsy
8. You Love Me
9. My Drum

Marie Osmond

Hugo the Hippo (with special guest Jimmy Osmond)
Released 1976

1. Its Really True
2. Harbor Chant
3. Zing Zong
4. H-I-P-P-O-P-O-T-A-M-U-S
5. You Said A Mouthful
6. This Friendship Is Really True 
7. Mister M-Bow-Wow
8. The Best Day Ever Made
9. I Always Wanted To Have A Garden
10. Somewhere You Call Home
11. Wherever You Go Hugo
12. H-I-P-P-O-P-O-T-A-M-U-S (End Title) 

All In Love
Released 1988

1. I'm in Love And He's In Dallas
2. Raining Tears
3. New Love
4. Baby Blue Eyes
5. Lonely As The Night Is Long
6. 99% Of The Time
7. Somebody Else's Moon
8. Sweet Life
9. All In Love
10. Without A Trace

Best Of Marie Osmond
Released 1990

1. Paper Roses
2. There's No Stopping Your Heart
3. Meet Me In Montana
4. Everybody's Crazy Bout My Baby
5. Like A Hurricane
6. THink With Your Heart
7. Read My Lips
8. I Only Wanted You
9. Your'e Still New To Me
10. I'll Be Faithful To You

I Only Wanted You
Released 1986

1. Cry Just A Little
2. I ONly Wanted You
3. You're So New TO Me
4. Making Magic
5. I Know The Feeling
6. Your Love Carries Me Away
7. We're Gonna Need A Love Song
8. New Love
9. More Than Dancing
10. Everybody's Crazy About My Baby

In My Little Corner Of The World
Released 1974

1. In My Little Corner Of The World
2. Big Hurts Can Come (From Little White Lies)
3. Invisible Tears
4. I Love You So Much It Hurts
5. Everybody's Somebody's Fool
6. True Loves A Blessing
7. It's Just The Other Way Around
8. I Love You Because
9. Singing The Blues
10. Crazy Arms

Paper Roses
Released 1973

1. Paper Roses
2. Louisiana Bayou
3. Everything Is Beautiful
4. You're The Only World I Know
5. Fool #1
6. Least Of All You
7. Sweet Dreams
8. Too Many Rivers
9. It's A Pretty World Today
10. True Love Lasts Forever

Rose Petal Place
Released 1984

1. Elmer's Song
2. A Special Place
3. Carnation Place
4. Nastina The Beauty Queen
5. A Little Bit Of Love
6. Reharsal Song
7. Coral Bells
8. Amazing
9. Look Inside
10. If You Have Love In Your Heart

Stepping Stone
Released 1989

1. What Would You Do About You (If You Were Me)
2. Slowly But Surely
3. What's In It For Me
4. Stepping Stone
5. What's A Little Love Between Friends
6. If You Think About It Call Me
7. Help Me Get Over You
8. A Too Blue Moon
9. Love Speaks Louder Than Words
10. Let Me Be The First

There's No Stopping Your Heart
Released 1985

1. There's No Stopping Your Heart
2. Needing A Night Like This
3. Read My Lips
4. The Best Of You
5. I'll Be Faithful To You
6. Meet Me In Montana
7. That Old Devil Moon
8. Love Will Find A Way To You
9. Until We Fall In Love Again
10. Blue Sky Shining

This Is The Way I Feel
Released 1977

1. This Is The Way I Feel
2. Play The Music Loud
3. Didn't I Love You Boy
4. Please Tell Him That I Said Hello
5. Miss You Nights
6. Where Did Our Love Go
7. Cry Baby Cry
8. You're My Superman (You're My Everything)
9. All He Did Was Tell Me Lies
10. Run To Me

Who's Sorry Now
Released 1975

1. Who's Sorry Now
2. Anytime
3. This I Promise You
4. Love Letters In The Sand
5. Making Believe
6. The Things I Tell My Pillow
7. Amoung My Souveniers
8. Jealous Heart
9. Clinging Vine
10. It's A Little Thing

Merrill Osmond

What I Like
Released 1989
(In 2 Files)

1. Heartbreak Radio
2. Sly Little Fox
3. Save That Dress
4. Hope Of America 
5. This Is America
6. Yes Ma'am
7. Takin' Country To The City
8. Step By Step
9. Singin' Again
10. There's A Man Who Loves You
11. Stayin' Together

Bonus Tracks:

(4 from Marie, 7 from Merrill until I have the Time To Encode all my Osmond LP's, here's just a few random "extra" tracks I will inlude with this torrent)

Marie Osmond
Bonus track #1. Back To Believing Again (from Which Way You Going Billy)
Bonus track #2. Look Who's Getting Over Who (from Which Way You Going Billy)
Bonus track #3. What Do Lonely People Do (from Which Way You Going Billy)
Bonus track #4. Who's Counting (from Which Way You Going Billy)

Merrill Osmond
Bonus track #1. Staying Together (from My Heart To Yours '98)
Bonus track #2. The Anchor Holds (From My Heart To Yours '98)
Bonus track #3. A Thousand Points Of Light (from I Love America '94)
Bonus track #4. Armed Forces Medly (from I Love America '94)
Bonus track #5. One World One Voice (from I Love America '94)
Bonus track #6. Shake It (from I Love America '94)
Bonus track #7. This Is America (from I Love America '94)