Unigraphics NX 4.0 (UG NX 4.0) Multi-Language 




Throughout its broad product application suite, NX leverages key attributes that help companies achieve business objectives of waste reduction, quality improvement, shorter cycle times and greater product innovation. These unique attributes directly support business process initiatives aimed at transforming product development:

Unified Product Development Solution
Breaking the departmental barriers?promoting innovation

Seamless integration of NX applications rapidly propagates changes of product and process information, replacing point solutions with a unified development system. NX delivers controlled associativity to ensure changes in the 3-D master CAD model are quickly passed into downstream applications. This allows users to verify the impact of design changes in all related data, and provides fast, efficient updates to drawings, CAE meshes, and CAM Toolpath information. 

Managed Development Environment
Engineering Product Management: Working together as a global innovation network

Creating an innovation network, consisting of the entire supply chain, such as, partners, marketing, engineering, design, and manufacturing teams, is a key enabler to ensure development efficiency, compliance, and ultimately competitive advantage for new product development. 

NX provides solutions to synchronize product data and process knowledge, across the supply chain, and across internal organizations, into a structured collaborative environment for engineering process management. Vaulting, Access privileges, vaulting, workflow, change management, are all taken care of repeatably, securely and confidently for the digital product development process. NX digital product development systems are able to provide a baseline for an easily deployable and complete PLM system which is able to grow and extend. 

Knowledge-driven Automation
Streamlining product and process innovation

With NX, companies can capture and reuse product and process knowledge across all elements of product development to automate processes and maximize re-use.

Using tools such as DesignLogic every engineer can capture product design intent as models are developed. This streamlined approach to capturing knowledge, builds on the core knowledge based engineering (KBE) solution embedded at the heart of NX. Providing a scalable platform to capture, manage and reuse the product knowledge that is the key to product innovation.

Simulation, Validation and Optimization
Experimentation is the key to innovation

NX delivers a comprehensive simulation and validation environment that delivers tools that ensure quality every step of the development process.

NX includes solutions to evaluate product aesthetics, performance and quality while ensuring product manufacturability and delivery.

These solutions support closed loop processes enabling quality to be developed into products, supporting business strategies such as Design for Six Sigma (DFSS).





Systems Engineering
Providing a framework of Innovation

The NX approach to Systems Engineering supports business initiatives such as platform engineering, six sigma and design for six sigma and provides a key step for innovation processes such as Stage gate.

NX Systems engineering comprises a broad set of processes and methods for modeling, analyzing and validating interactions among the requirements, subsystems, constraints and components that make up a product. Requirements and Systems architectures can be linked to NX structured concept and system models via knowledge based attributes and embedded into formal systems designs. The System designs can be then outlined with 2D layouts and associatively linked to sub-system and component models and ultimately to define detailed product structures. 




Standardized design models, parts, processes and knowledge can be incorporated into standard systems definitions and used for development variants to meet new requirements quickly and easily.

Ultimately this allows Engineers to outline coarse definitions of designs for experimentation, simulation and validation prior to driving modifications through into detailed product structures. NX even provides tools to embed simulation results into system definition to control design intent. This ultimately ensures design intent is aligned to system and ultimately customer requirements.
 
http://www.so-king.com/soft