1. Ella & Louis Sing Gershwin

Review:
When Ella and Louis recorded a series of albums together for Verve in 1956 and 1957, George Gershwin's songs were a constant theme, including a double LP of Porgy and Bess that delighted Ira Gershwin. This 1998 compilation pulls together material from those recordings to celebrate a union of jazz's greatest singers with a songwriter who had been an essential resource for jazz since the 1920s. The chemistry is consistently inspired, with Armstrong's gravelly voice, perfect rhythmic sense, and still-eloquent trumpet providing a fine complement to Fitzgerald's consummately smooth delivery and extraordinary range. Also included are Ella and Louis's own takes on Gershwin from contemporary sessions, including Fitzgerald's Jazz at the Philharmonic version of "Oh, Lady, Be Good!" (from At the Opera House) that includes Lester Young, Coleman Hawkins, and Stan Getz among the tenor saxophonists. Collectors will want the CD reissues of the original albums to get a complete picture of the Fitzgerald and Armstrong partnership, or Fitzgerald's own extended encounter with Gershwin in the Songbook series; nevertheless, this is a delightful introduction to an inspired collaboration.


01. I Got Plenty O' Nuttin                                                                                              
02. He Loves And She Loves                                                                                              
03. A Woman Is A Sometime Thing                                                                                        
04. They Can't Take That Away From Me
05. Let's Call The Whole Thing Off
06. Strike Up The Band                                                                                                  
07. Things Are Looking Up                                                                                              
08. They All Laughed                                                                                                    
09. A Foggy Day                                                                                                        
10. How Long Has This Been Going On  
11. Summertime  
12. Love Is Here To Stay    
13. There's A Boat Dat's Leavin'Soon                                                                            
14. 's Wonderful                                                                                                        
15. I Was Doing All Right                                                                                              
16. Oh, Lady, Be Good!          

Personnel: Ella Fitzgerald (vocals); Louis Armstrong (vocals, trumpet); Russell Garcia, Nelson Riddle (conductor); Sonny Stitt (alto saxophone); Stan Getz, Coleman Hawkins, Flip Phillips, Lester Young, Illinois Jacquet (tenor saxophone); Roy Eldridge (trumpet); J.J. Johnson (trombone); Oscar Peterson (piano); Herb Ellis (guitar); Ray Brown (bass); Louie Bellson, Jo Jones, Buddy Rich (drums); The Russell Garcia Orchestra; The Nelson Riddle Orchestra.

Recorded at Capitol Studios, Hollywood, California on August 16, 1956, between August 18 and October 14, 1957 and between January 5 and July 17, 1959; Radio Recorders, Hollywood, California on July 23, 1957; The Shrine Auditorium, Los Angeles, California on October 7, 1957. Includes liner notes by Jim Macnie.


Label: Verve
Date: January 27, 1998


Not My rip (thanks to original uploader)
Covers Included

The missing tracks are common with these in the other album



2.  The Best Of

From August 1956 to August 1957, legendary jazz producer Norman Granz oversaw several recording sessions and a handful of concerts at the Hollywood Bowl starring two of the finest singers in jazz history, Ella Fitzgerald and Louis Armstrong. Fitzgerald was at the peak of her powers at the time, having clearly defined herself as the best female singer in jazz. Armstrong was comfortably settling into his Grand Old Man of Jazz role by this point, trading hot swing and fiery trumpet solos for genial, good-humored vocalizing.

Still, Armstrong was never one to back off from a challenge, and he holds his own divinely against the younger singer. Fitzgerald was Armstrong's only rival as a scat singer, and so nearly every track here dissolves into impressive competing scat solos. Fans of scat singing will rejoice.


01. Let's Call The Whole Thing Off                                                                                      
02. Love Is Here To Stay                                                                                                
03. The Nearness Of You                                                                                                
04. Stars Fell On Alabama                                                                                              
05. Gee, Baby, Ain't I Good To You                                                                                      
06. They Can't Take That Away From Me                                                                                  
07. Autumn In New York                                                                                                  
08. Summertime                                                                                                          
09. Tenderly                                                                                                            
10. Stompin' At The Savoy                                                                                              
11. Under A Blanket Of Blue                                                                                            
12. I Wants To Stay Here                                                                                                
13. I've Got My Love To Keep Me Warm                                                                                    
14. There's A Boat Dat's Leavin' Soon For New York                                                                      
15. You Won't Be Satisfied (Until You Break My Heart)        

Personnel: Ella Fitzgerald (vocals); Louis Armstrong (vocals, trumpet); Russell Garcia (conductor, arranger); Trummy Young (trombone); Edmond Hall (clarinet); Billy Kyle, Oscar Peterson (piano); Herb Ellis (guitar); Ray Brown, Dale Jones (bass); Louie Bellson, Buddy Rich, Barrett Deems (drums).

Principally recorded at Capitol Studios, The Hollywood Bowl, Hollywood, California from August 15, 1956 - August 28, 1957.
Includes liner notes by William Ruhlmann.


Label: Verve
Orig Year: 1997




BITRATE: 320


My cd-rip (EAC and Lame)
Covers Included









