"They want to control his mind but can't even find his body." 
This IS NOT the MSTied version. 

If you know what's good for you, you'll stop reading here. Wait, you've already found this torrent. I guess it's too late, you may as well continue. 

You probably already know what this movie is. One of the wierdest of the wierd, a B-movie's B-movie, "Overdrawn" is a hurt-fest full of talented actors in search of direction. 

The plot is decent, and is drawn from a John Varley short story. Basically, Aram Fingle is a drone at a large corporation. He screws up by hax0ring the data terminals so he can watch movies instead of monitoring routine data outputs. He's caught, gets sent to a rehab clinic, and has his mind transferred to that of a baboon for "rehabilitation." The clinic loses his body because of some darn kid swapping routing tags. Hilarity ensues. Add one sub-plot featuring malicious CEOs, a good-looking sidekick, and a horrific rip on "Casablanca," and you have "Overdrawn at the Memory Bank. 

Filmed (er, videotaped) for WNET, a New York PBS station by Canda's RSL Productions, this was supposed to be the glorious entrance of a series of movies based on classic works. However, the lack of funding cancels many dreams, including this one. Watch it, and be, well, be older by about an hour and a half. 

This IS NOT the MSTied version. 

DVD from VHS. NTSC, MPEG audio, English spoken, no subs. High bitrate - still meets DVD specs but may cause some older players to choke. Simple menu structure, chapters every 10-ish minutes. Also contains the "Star Crystals" trailer present on the tape. Burn the files to a DVD for DVD player playback. 

There are a few spots in the movie that have tearing that I couldn't correct, but most of the errors were fixed in processing. Hooray for VHS. Other than that, the video is decent, if slightly fuzzy from the VHS transfer. 
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0089759/  
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Overdrawn_at_the_Memory_Bank 





And the CEO would have gotten away with it if it wasn't for those darn kids!

And before you complain about the size, this DVD was done at the request of a friend, and DVD-playable was the requested format.