Conspiracy Of Silence
---------------------

The Nebraska State investigation starting in 1988 into the failure of the Franklin Bank & Trust soon turned up something much uglier: Franklin's general manager Larry King --then the rising Black star of the Republican Party, singing the national anthem at the 1984 and 1988 Republican Conventions, later in prison for embezzling $40 million-- was also luring children from nearby Boy's Town and the streets of Omaha into forced prostitution. The clients were prominent politicians, media and industrial magnates around the country -including King, the Omaha Chief of Police, the owner of Nebraska's largest newspaper, the Omaha Herald, and, according to several children, then-Vice-President George Bush the Father. Videos of the "parties" were used for blackmail, which may corrupt our government to this day. Kids were tortured, threatened, and in at least once case, murdered, to keep them in line. 

"Conspiracy of Silence" by Britain's Yorkshire TV -scheduled for the Discover Channel on May 3, 1994 but cancelled and never publicly aired until now on the web, includes much of the Franklin Committee's video interviews with the child victims. 

The Omaha Herald led the media vilification of the kids. The FBI threatened the kids with perjury prosecution if they told their story, and after 2 recanted, they did put the one remaining who stuck to her story in prison. After the State's lead investigator Gary Caradori and his young son were killed in the unexplained breakup of his plane in midair the investigation died as other victims refused to talk or recanted their video testimony in court. This documentary picks up the pieces. 

What happened to this video that the American people were supposed to see in 1994? We are told the final version was destroyed after payment (and threats?) by government agency prevented it being shown. This is a copy of the salvaged "work print" and is about 97% complete. 

Then-Nebraska State Senator John DeCamp, who continues to be the kids' lawyer, pro bono, wrote the best-selling The Franklin Coverup, now out in an updated edition. Read the whole book courtesy of Tara Carreon's American Buddha Online Library! We believe this is more evidence that absolute power corrupts absolutely and that We the People must break the monopoly of power by an increasingly arrogant and dangerous government.

In the spirit of peoples around the world who resist the New World Order announced in 1992 by George Bush the father

God save the children of the world from tyrants who use them for sex, power, and cannon-fodder.


Please forgive the poor video quality, the original works were all destroyed as directed by the government.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

Additional information on September 11th, NWO, the Illuminati and the great threat to you can be found at www infowars com or www.prisonplanet.com

------------------------------------------------------------------------

