
          If somebody asks you which part of your computer is the most
       important, you?ll undoubtedly answer ? a hard disk. You can change
        many things in your PC but a hard disk needs a special treatment
         because it keeps the most valuable ? your information. As any
          important thing a hard disk requires your care. Giving some
        consideration to it you are able to increase efficiency of your
                                     work. 

        So, how can you optimize the disk system? A common problem that
        often decreases the disk efficiency is non-optimal allocation of
        files, the so-called file fragmentation is a process of storing
          files on a hard disk, when file fragments are located so non
         -optimally, that it leads to slow down read/write operations.
       Usually it happens while updating files, when adjacent sectors are
          occupied and the system writes updated fragments to farther
        sectors. In this case the operating system spends more and more
         time on search file fragments in different sectors of the disk
       what causes problems decreasing the disk performance.. Under some
        inevitable circumstances the system keeps fragments of a file in
          different places of the disk, what significantly slows down
       reading operations. To defragment files, it is sometimes necessary
        to re-write them more compactly. It resembles threading beads ?
         file fragments are gathering one by one, after that the system
                   will spend less time on reading the file. 

       There are many solutions for the file fragmentation problem. Total
        Defrag? is one of them. It is a reliable tool, which provides 27
         defragmentation is a process of re-writing file fragments on a
        hard disk in an optimal way, when they are locating so compactly
       that the operating system spends less time on searching separated
           fragments. The defragmentation procedure resolves the file
          fragmentation problem. strategies and uses unique low-level
         optimization algorithms. Despite the complicity of tasks Total
        Defrag has an easy-to-use interface. Moreover the present manual
           will help you to find the answers to many of the technical
             questions, which might arise while using the program.
