Mp3@VBR

1. Reggae Party 		
2. I Am Who I Am 		
3. Warming Light Part 1 		
4. Warming Light Part 2 		
5. Pilar Of Salt 		
6. Parrot - Karrot 		
7. Babylon Zion 		
8. Continually 		
9. Sharing 		
10. P?yniemy 		
11. Rise Again 		
12. King Of The Day 		
13. Trying To Find Him 		
14. Firestarter 		
15. Politricksters 		
16. Warming Liht Dub

What does reggae massive of Cracow think about, when gathering in their free time? When they're not touring, rehearsing, or recording in studio with their bands? Just meeting in the Re club in the beautiful old town over the glass of bitter vodka, and exchanging tales about the last tour adventures?
How long can members of such bands as Bakshish, Paprika Korps, ?wietliki, Dread Lion, Village of Peace, Natura or N.B.S. sit in one place, until someone would finally propose playing something together?
It was not suprising that Duberman was born. Suprising was that this project, initially threated as a way to spend free weekends in a good company, started to present their creations to the audience and became a really interesting occurrence on polish reggae scene.
Fun of playing together and a lack of pressure made an excelent situation in which band started to play powerful gigs all over the Poland. Rhythm section made of old good friends Marek - the drumer of famous alternative group ?wietliki with bassman Bhakti who was also member of Katharsis, Natura and Village of Peace. They both provide riddim line for oldest polish reggae band Bakshish. Percussionist and guitar players of old cracow band DreadLion build vast foundation for every Duberman song, brighted further by keyboards of dub artist and well-known remixes-maker Dr. Emzk. Than comes charismatic vocal of Piotr from Paprika Korps and gracefull female choirs of two Magdas.
Their music floats peacafully between roots side of reggae, sometimes falling in a trance wave of dub and sometimes hiding moments of raggamuffin...
Duberman are:
Bhakti (Katharsis, Natura, Village of Peace, Bakshish) - bass
Marek (?wietliki, Dread Lion, Bakshish) - drums
Jacek (Dread Lion) - riddim guitar
Rafa? (Dread Lion, Bakshish) - solo guitar
DrEMZK (Emzk SS, NBS, Bakshish) - keyboards
Piotrek (Paprika Korps, NBS) - main vocal
S?awek (Dread Lion) - percussions
Magda F. - backing vocal
Magda J. - backing vocal