                              ------------------------------
                              | Ashampoo Burning Stuido 7  |
                              |     Including Serial       |
                              |  Thanks to Christley for   |
                              |   the Serial and Upload    |
                              ------------------------------


Choose Format. Select Files. Burn Disc.

Since its initial release, Ashampoo Burning Studio has changed the way CD/DVD/Blu-ray burning software works. Instead of spending frustrating hours learning how to use hundreds of complicated functions you just select a task ? for example ?Burn Files?, ?Backup Files? or ?Burn Movies? ? and then the program guides you through all the necessary steps.

You just choose your format, select your files and burn your disc. It really is that easy, but easy doesn?t mean you get less functionality: Advanced burning functions are also available for experienced users who want to choose specific file systems or use special boot images.
New functions and improvements in version 7

Ashampoo Burning Studio 7 keeps the power and simplicity that made version 6 such a runaway success and adds several major new functions, including DVD video burning, modified copies and bootable discs. These are all functions that users of previous versions have asked for and they make a great program even better.
Video DVDs

Turning your video files into DVDs that you can play on any DVD player has never been this easy. You just select the files you want to include on the disc, select your navigation menu format and burn. All common video formats are supported (WMV, AVI, MPEG, ASF etc.), the program converts them automatically.

Click here for an example
Building DVD menus is usually complicated and hard work. In Ashampoo Burning Studio 7 you just select your menu style and the program does all the work, generating the menus and navigation elements automatically. You can choose from several cool animated and static menu styles and preview everything before burning your disc.

You can also burn standard DVD files (VIDEO_TS folders containing .VOB, .IFO and .BUP files) ? for example for making backups of existing DVDs or for burning DVD files generated with a different authoring program.

Have you ever wished you could pack more video onto a single DVD? Ashampoo Burning Studio 7 allows you to create DVDs with much more than the standard 120 minutes of video ? just add all the files you need, the program automatically adjusts the compression and encoding quality to make it fit.
Modified Copies and Bootable Discs

Now you can include additional files in a copied disc without re-building the entire disc. The unique new Modified Copy function allows you to select additional files and folders that will be inserted into the copy on the fly when you burn the disc.

You can also make modified copies of bootable discs. This makes it much easier to create updated versions of bootable installation discs because you don?t have to go through all the steps of building the disc ? everything you need, including the boot image, is already there. The Modified Copy function supports CDs, DVDs and Blu-ray discs.
New Functions for Experienced Users

Experienced users can now also build their own bootable discs by importing a boot image. In addition to this you can also choose the file system you want to use for data discs and generate it directly. Supported file system options include ISO 9660 levels 1 and 2, ISO 9660 Windows (Romeo), Joliet and UDF (1.02, 1.5, 2.50, 2.60).
Backup and Restore

Several key improvements have been added to the file backup and restore functions. You can now specify the exact size of the individual backup files for multi-file backups ? for example if you want to store the backup files on a hard disk instead of burning them directly. (When you burn to CD, DVD or Blu-ray you can still split files automatically to fit on each disc.) When you restore files from backups you can now choose the individual files and folders you want to restore instead of just restoring everything.
Audio CD Ripping

The audio ripping function now also includes an integrated, MP3 encoder so that you can rip directly to MP3 as well as to WMA or lossless WAV. Album and track names are automatically retrieved from the Internet database on the fly when you insert an audio CD.

Features at a glance
What?s new:

    * Video: Burn Video DVDs directly from almost any video files
    * Modified and Bootable Copies: Add additional files while copying discs, make modified copies of bootable discs
    * MP3 Ripping: Rip audio CDs directly to MP3 as well as WMA or WAV
    * Backup and Restore: Choose archive size, restore individual files
    * Expert Functions: Create bootable discs from boot images, choose file system settings



Uploaded by Christley