10 items included in the pack:

Rx For Advertising eBooK

Prescription for Advertising is written specifically for the business owner or manager who needs to advertise but really doesn't know HOW to make it happen. It's a comprehensive guide to the complete world of advertising -- everything from positioning to printers, budgeting to billboards, creativity to conventions -- even logos and signage. The 30 easy-to-read chapters will be a great step toward understanding the complex and confusing world of advertising.

From the Publisher: Prescription for Advertising has been our best-selling business book for quite a few years. The remarkable wise advice of Edmond Bruneau is timeless. Available in hardbound, trade paperback and audio cassette editions, this book has been distributed worldwide and even translated into a foreign language. When it comes to advertising and marketing, Edmond Bruneau is a professional who knows what he is talking about.

From the Author: Since there are so many advertising books written for advertising people, I decided to write one for the businessperson...in language and terminologies a regular joe (or jill) would understand. Problems and situations are discussed from their personal point of view. In addition, the text includes many time-saving shortcuts and tips to avoid the common pitfalls to often made when dealing with the confusing world of advertising.

From the Inside Flap: To many businesses, advertising in is a four-letter word. One of the original love/hate relationships. By following the advise in this book, however, you're more likely to swear by advertising than to swear at it. Prescription for Advertising is written specifically for the common businessperson who needs to advertise, but doesn't really know how to go about it. It's a comprehensive guide to the complete world of advertising...everything from positioning to printers; budgeting to billboards; creativity to conventions...even logos and signage. There's even separate chapters on buying newspaper, radio and television media. Reading Prescription for Advertising will help you avoid future fatal errors, too. Prescription for Advertising. Thirty chapters of the best advertising advice available today. Read it and reap.

Purpose- How To Define It PDF

Just read the first page of this manifesto, and you?ll understand exactly what it is to have purpose. Read the subsequent pages and you?ll find just how to develop your own sense of purpose through discovery, excellence, altruism and heroism.

Prison Living Magazine Volume 2, Issue 1

Prisoners Are People Too!

Prison Living Magazine?s Mission Statement:

* Provide articles of inspiration, motivation and information that prisoners can apply in their unique lives.
* Help the general public see that prisoners are people also; some educated, artistic, skilled and eager to make positive contributions to society.
* Encourage families of prisoners and victims.

?I?ve been doing time since 1993 in two states and I?ve never found a better faith-centered magazine. So God bless you? This facility houses close to 600 inmates and close to 200 enjoy Prison Living. Most of them don?t even have a professing faith, so be encouraged with what God had given you guys there in Arizona. It?s working!!? Joshua Lawson, Crossroads Correctional Center; Shelby, Mont.

?After 13 years in prison, I never thought I?d see a magazine like this. I love the variety of issues and topics.? Jacob Barrett, Snake River Correctional Institution; Umatilla, Ore.

?I can?t tell you how good it made me feel to see that ?we? have been recognized as people and not only a ?convict with a number?. So I?d like to say thank you for caring and reaching out.? Sabrina Stewart, Central Mississippi Correctional Center; Pearl, Miss.

?I?m inspired by your mag and it?s uplifting for me to read in my state of despair of life in prison.? Edward H Thomas, Snake River Correctional Institution; Ontari, Ore.

PDF Changing The Rules Lessons from a Starfish World

Such seemingly dissimilar groups as the Apache Indians, music swapping programs, Wikipedia, Alcoholics Anonymous and Al Queda have one thing in common: they are all starfish. According to Brafman and Beckstrom, each of these resilient groups succeeds because they are absent any hierarchy (head) and conventional organizations (spiders) best watch their backs.

PDF 10 Unwealthy Habits

A serial entrepreneur and wealth consultant, Alicia Castillo Holley, breaks down the negative habits that prevent us from gaining wealth. Written to address many individual viewpoints, she offers insight into how we can break those habits by first identifying them and then defying them.

Network Cabling Magazine August Issue 2007

As Canada?s premier magazine for the voice and data telecom industries, Network Cabling is dedicated to ensuring our readers get the information they need, when they need it. With a wide readership of information cabling contractors, installers, network administrators and IT end users, our editorial content is written by the industry, for the industry.

At Network Cabling, we know the information transport systems (ITS) industry is constantly changing and evolving. That?s why Network Cabling is also changing and evolving in 2007. Along with a new look and a new size, we?re sharpening our focus to bring our readers the latest on what?s happening in their industry.

Along with our top-notch editorial focus, each issue will also bring readers practical case studies showing them real-life solutions to solve their cabling issues. Our new technology features will bring them up-to-date on how technology is changing the ITS industry ? and how they can leverage that technology to let their businesses grow.

In addition to our features, we?ll be bringing our readers the extensive editorial content they?ve come to expect from Network Cabling: a deeper analysis of the issues that impact their businesses; departments on standards, fiber optics and testing and troubleshooting; strong and diverse opinions from North American industry experts; and practical application stories that get to the how and why of all types of cabling installation.

Throughout 2007, we?ll be presenting Network Cabling readers with the latest information on topics including: convergence, standards, fiber optics, test and measurement equipment, voice over IP, connectors, cabling, security and the emerging wireless industry. Through our experienced staff, roster of industry experts and close connections with BICSI, the premier association of the cabling industry, we?re connected to our readers, and through us, you can be connected too.

With the help of our editorial advisory board and our extensive contacts in the ITS industry, our more than 11,000 readers will keep and refer back to every issue of the year ? and your company can be a part of that. That?s why we encourage each and every one of you to work with us to deliver your company?s message.

Network Cabling is your connection to the Canadian networking and ITS industry. With our successful mix of advertising and editorial support, we know we can help you achieve your goal of increasing Canadian sales. We invite you to come and be a part of Network Cabling in 2007.

Just 1% The Power of Microtrends PDF

Just 1% of people can create a new market for business, spark a social movement, or effect a political change. Here, Penn (one of the world?s most highly regarded pollster) and Zalesne (social-change expert) introduce you to this compelling idea of microtrends, and their assertion that the culture is formed by the push and pull of small trends that are often invisible or ignored. Just think ?Soccer Mom??and you?ll know the power wielded by these small, but strong groups.

Homes & Property Magazine September 12 2007

Homes & Property provides a stylish, readable and intelligent treatment of all aspects of the property market every Wednesday and has established itself as an integral part of the fabric of the London housing scene since its inception ten years ago.

Expert writers guide you through the hidden gems of our capital's streets, give you the heads up on the must-have designs for your home and check out the serious issues of the day. Practical but aspirational this premier guide has become the ideal house hunting partner for discerning Londoners.

?Homes & Property is the market leader in its field. Its expert writers cover every aspect of London living and lifestyle. We bring you the insider information on the latest new homes, how to buy to let, and invest for your future.

How to create the most exciting interiors, and handle the tricky issues of space and light. We offer you the latest homeware, at often, bargain prices. We tackle the serious issues of the day talking with architects and environmentalists, guiding you through legal problems and home finance. This intelligent reporting has made Homes & Property the most popular property magazine for a decade.?

Janice Morley, Editor

The Homes & Property television show is a prime time ITV1 six-part series now in its second series. Produced by Talkback Thames (Grand Designs, Property Ladder) and presented by Alison Cork, Charlie Luxton and Sunita Shroff this show is an ideal brand extension to our magazine and offers fabulous, fast moving, big projection to complement our print media. The show concentrates on London and the people who live in it.

GUNS Magazine, September 1957, PDF Version

GUNS: Finest in the Firearms Field.

Guns is a magazine for the recreational and competitive shooter, hunter, collector, and firearm owner. Each issue features new products, shooting competitions, history, and trade show coverage. From handguns to shotguns, this monthly magazine provides the ultimate coverage in the field of firearms.Features proper gun use, hunting techniques, collecting, firearms legislation, and new guns and accessories.

Since 1955, sportsmen and enthusiasts have turned to Guns Magazine for the latest news on firearms, training, hunting, accessories and more. In the field or on the range, you'll find the information you need to make the shooting sports more enjoyable. (Magazines.com)

Beyond Snobbery Grammar Need Not Be Cruel to Be Cool eBooK

Here, June Casagrande (so not your ninth grade English teacher) will reassure you that it?s okay not to care about grammar. Just what you wanted to hear! But with humor and enthusiasm, she will show you how grammar can be fun and worth a little bit of your time. So, uncover your eyes and learn her lesson. This won?t hurt a bit



-LEGAL TORRENTS

Purpose:

create a balance, share the already free stuff,
public domain works, freeware, free music,
free ebooks, articles, manifestos, movie trailers, and more.

show the copyright owners that torrent
websites shouldn't bear the responsibility
of what their users upload, torrent websites
are very much similar to google..

users upload what they want to upload,
download what they want to download,
and search for what they want to search..

by creating this balance and sharing the already free
stuff, we hope to take the pressure of torrent websites..

