THE BONZO DOG BAND: TALKING PICTURES

NOT FOR PROFIT
A free service to the fans with thanks to the people of the official Neil Innes website.


The Bonzo Dog (Doo Dah) Band are legends of British comedy and music from the 60s. Good friends to both Monty Python and the Beatles ... influenced by the latter and an influence on the former, their surreal brand of humor made 1920s jazz hip to a 60s audience.

You may know them from their appearance in the Beatles' "Magical Mystery Tour," as Vivian Stanshall performs "Death Cab For Cutie." You may know Neil Innes from singing "Brave Sir Robin" in Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and "How Sweet to Be an Idiot" and a version of "I'm the Urban Spaceman" in Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl. Or even for his masterful faux-Beatles music in the Rutles film. You may have seen them on Do Not Adjust Your Set (a precursor to Monty Python).

This is the ultimate collection of Bonzo Dog Band performances. Spread across several DVDs, this will provide hours and hours of entertainment as the Bonzos sing most of your favorites. Edited by Garrett Gilchrist (tygerbug/ocpmovie), the editor who created Star Wars Deleted Magic and The Thief and the Cobbler Recobbled Cut.

Their hilarious and wildly entertaining musical madness will entertain hipsters of any age.

Many many many other Bonzo Dog, Neil Innes, Rutles and Monty Python related DVDs have been preserved by me, notably the Rutland Weekend Television and Innes Book of Records series.

This is the second, expanded version of a DVD originally created in 2005. The first Talking Pictures was just one DVD long. This revised set includes much more and better quality material spread across several DVDs.

Even if you're a major Bonzo fan, you won't have seen much of this footage before. I have used clever editing to create new music videos for songs which had no video, to reconstruct clips which had bits missing, and to generally create new video based on shards and little bits of things, to give a full and very entertaining experience.

Here is a tracklisting for disc 1 of this epic several disc set. Whenever possible, all or portions of all video and audio have been restored or reconstructed using the best available elements.

Dog intro (SHARE)
Death Cab For Cutie (Magical Mystery Tour)
Titles (We Are Normal/Pathe)
Hello from Vivian (Colour Me Pop Soundtrack)
Canyons of Your Mind (Colour Me Pop)
Urban Spaceman (Color Me Pop)
Head Ballet (Pathe Newsreel)
Equestrian Statue (Pathe Newsreel)
Love is a Cylindrical Piano (DNAYS)
Metaphorically Speaking (DNAYS)
11 Moustachioed Daughters (BiG GRunt/Marty Amok)
Monster Mash (DNAYS)
The Sound of Music (DNAYS)
Hunting Tigers Out in Indiah (DNAYS)
Big Shot (Jazz Bilzen)
You Done My Brain In (Jazz Bilzen)
Hello Mabel (Jazz Bilzen)
I'm the Urban Spaceman (Jazz Bilzen)
Quiet Talks and Summer Walks (Jazz Bilzen)
I'm Forever Blowing Bubbles (Jazz Bilzen)
Canyons of Your Mind (Jazz Bilzen)
Trouser Press (Jazz Bilzen)
By a Waterfall (DNAYS)
Urban Spaceman (DNAYS)
Tubas in the Moonlight (DNAYS)
Look Out, There's a Monster Coming (DNAYS)
Canyons of Your Mind (Beat Club)
Montage: We Were Wrong ("Urban Spaceman" Promo Film)
Montage: Cool Brittannia (DNAYS)
Beautiful Zelda (DNAYS)
Jollity Farm (animated cartoon)
Equestrian Statue (Beat Club)
Intro/Little Sir Echo (Beat Club)
Urban Spaceman (Beat Club)
Announcer introducing Urban Spaceman promo
A Room With a View (The Big Show) with Pathe montage
Son of Exploding Sausage clip
Intro/The End of the Show (New Faces)
Equestrian Statue (New Faces)
Little Sir Echo (New Faces)
Pathe Montage: The Bride Stripped Bare by "Bachelors"
Pathe Montage: My Pink Half of the Drainpipe
Viv: The Sea (IBOR)
Mr. Apollo (Colour Me Pop bootleg)
Hello Mabel (DNAYS)
DNAYS sketch montage
DNAYS montage: Ready-mades

Extras:
Up Sunday with Vivian Stanshall: A Garret in the Palace/The Pied Piper
Jazz Bilzen interview with Neil Innes