The old Football Manager is downloadable here!!

Instructions:

1. Extract the files with WinRar

2. Have fun!

Ps.  I can understand you guys if you think it is a virus because of the file size, but it really isn't!

Version 2.0 of WFM - Football Manager for Windows
-------------------------------------------------
In WFM you are the manager of a football team, playing in either
the English, Italian, German or Norwegian national league. You are given
control over the squad and the club's finances, and it is up to
you to lead your team to success in the league, the cup and the
European cups. The game can be played by up to five persons.

You start by selecting which country you want to play in. Then
each manager selects his team. England features the divisions
from the Premier League down to the 3rd Division. In Italy, you
can choose teams from the Serie A down to the Serie C2. In Germany you
can play in the 1st or 2nd Bundesliga, or in one of four hybrid
Oberligen, and in Norway in either the Eliteserie, the 1st or the
2nd Division. The game features national cup competitions for each
country, and the champions cup, the cupwinners cup and the UEFA cup
for the most succesful teams from each country. In addition, your
players can make it to the national team.

Your squad may consist of up to 20 players and must at least
contain 13. After each manager has selected a team, you can fill up
your squad with players. The teams in the two topmost divisions of
each country come equippped with 13 players, which you may keep or
remove as you wish. Your squad must have at least 13 players (11 on
the field and two substitutes) and may have at most 20. In the case
of injuries and suspensions, it is an advantage to have replacements,
so you are advised to fill your squad to the maximum.

After you have decided which players you want on your team, you must
negotiate a contract with each one of them. When each manager has done
this, you reach the main window of the game. This contains a menu
(explained in detail below), the upcoming games and some information
on the status of your team.

The main menu
-------------
Here follows a brief explanation of the menu entries:

*FILE
   Save game : You can save the game at any point. The default extension
   	       is .wfm.
   Exit      : You may of course also exit the game at any point, and
               you are also asked if you want to save the game first
               in case you haven't done so.

*FIXTURES/RESULTS
   Here you can view the results of the previous matches as well as
   see what games are to be played next. There are entries for the
   various divisions as well as for the European cups and the national
   cup.

*TABLES
   Here you can view the current league tables. The teams in the promotion
   and relegation positions are indicated with green and red color,
   respectively. Also, in the topmost division, the teams in the UEFA-cup
   positions are indicated by color.
   The game also features form tables, which is based on the last five
   games played.
   For Norway, there is also en entry for the qualification table.

*STATISTICS
   Top scorers : The game maintains a top scorer ranking for the two
   		 top divisions. Only goals score in the league count,
                 additional goals scored in cup matches are indicated
                 in brackets.
   Team of the week : After each league round the team of the week is
                 selected, consisting of the eleven most outstanding
                 player of the round.
   Reigning champions : This shows the winners of the various competitions
     		 from the last season. This includes the league champion,
                 the cupwinner as well as the winners of the three
                 European cups.

*NATIONAL TEAM
   Fixture list : This lists the 8 nationals to be played during the
   		  season, as well as the results of those already played.
   Squad	: This lists the squad picked by the manager of
   		  the national team for the upcoming national.

*OPTIONS
   Sound	     : There is still no sound!
   Duration of game  : You can set the duration of the game as you like.
    		       Default is 30 seconds. If you do not wish to "watch"
                       the game, set the game duration to 0 seconds.
   Resign as manager : You can at any point leave the manager chair.
   Add new manager   : A new manager can be added at the beginning of a
   		       season (up to the 5th round). The new manager can
                       choose any team he likes, but may not include players
                       already playing for other teams.

Selecting your team
-------------------
When clicking the "Play matches" button, each manager gets to select his
team. Click on the position buttons, then on the players to place them
on the team. The team must consist of 13 players, including two substitutes.
Note that only some systems are allowed. These are indicated by green color.
If you have spare positions in your squad, you may buy players from the
transfer list. Do this by clicking the "TRANSFER" button, then select a
a player from the transfer list. However: Spend your money carefully.
You may get fired if the deficit gets too large.
If you click the "INFO" button, you get various statistics on your team.
A look at the opponent's team could also prove valuable before selecting
your own.
You can remove a player from your squad by clicking on the "FREE TRANSFER"
button and then on the player.
For each player in the squad, the following information is listed: Position,
age, skill, games played this season (GMS), goals scored this season (GLS, the
number in brackets is the number of goals scored in cup matches),
national appearances, the number of appearances on the Team of the Week (ToW),
the form of the player (indicated by an 'w', 'd' or
'l' - won, drew, lost - for the last four games) and the number of weeks the
player is away because of injury or suspension. A suspension is indicated
by a red card in the rightmost column, an injury is indicated by a red cross.
A player is suspended for one or two games following a red card or three
yellow cards. A suspended player may not play, an injured player may be
used, but this reduces his skill.
After you have selected your team, you are asked to set a victory bonus
for the game, which is the sum each player receives if the game is won.

After the match(es) has/have been played, the financial status for each
manager is shown. The sums are given in the approproate currency, except for
Italy, where I have chosen to use pounds.
If you maintain a large deficit over several weeks, you run the risk of
being fired by the board.

At the end of a season, up to two junior players are promoted to your team,
depending on how many spare positions you have in your squad.

SKILL
-----
Each player is assigned a value which indicates the player's skill. This
value will change as the season progresses. The following will increase the
skill: A victory, a goal scored, nomination on the Team of the Week and
appearance on the national team. The skill is decreased after a lost match and
when a player is injured. If an injured player is used on the team, his
skill will decrease by 10. The age of the player also affects his skill. The
older he gets, the more will the skill decrease from a season to the next.

GENERAL INFORMATION
-------------------
WFM is absolutely free, it is not even shareware. I wrote this game for the
fun of it, and if others find it fun to play, the effort was even more
worthwhile. I appreciate any comments on the game, positive or negative, and
am open for suggestions on changes and extensions to the game. I can most
easily be reached by email to lebo@idt.unit.no or s_bolsta@ira.uka.de.
My snailmail address is Lars Erik Bolstad, Waldhornstrasse 36, Z. C609,
76131 Karlsruhe 1, Germany.
The current version of the game supports the national leagues of England,
Italy, Germany and Norway, as these were the ones I had the necessary information
about. The game can easily be extended to include other national leagues,
and if anyone would really like to have another league in the game and
are willing to provide me with the necessary information, I could do this
in "no time".
The necessary information would be the names of the teams in the top two-three
divisions, additional teams to be included in the cup, the line-up (13 players)
of the teams in some or all of these divisions, the names of the home
arenas and the managers of each team (not absolutely necessary) and an
additional couple of hundred names (!) to be used for the transfer list
and the junior players.

Requirements: The game obviously requires Windows. I have not tested it under
Windows 3.0, but can't see any reason why it shouldn't run under 3.0. VGA
is also required. The game is adapted to the 640x480 mode, and does not
look good in the 1024x768 mode! I haven't tried it with a monochrome monitor,
either, so please forgive me if it looks like garbage.
As for memory requirements, 2 MB should be sufficient...

Have fun!
