

Full NTSC 10th Anniversary Retail DVD, So You Can Do As You Wish With It

   
The Story
Once upon a time in a castle high on a hill lived an inventor who's greatest creation was named Edward. Although Edward had an irresistible charm, he wasn't quite perfect. The inventor's sudden death left him unfinished, with sharp shears of metal for hands. Edward lived alone in the darkness until one day a kind Avon lady took him home to live with her family. So began Edward's fantastical adventures in a pastel paradise known as Suburbia.

From Tim Burton comes an unforgettable fairy tale starring Johnny Depp, Winona Ryder, Dianne Wiest and Vincent Price as the Inventor. 	  
 Product Information
   	Features:
	Audio Commentary Tracks by Tim Burton & Danny Elfman
Featurette
Concept Art
Original Theatrical Trailer
TV Spots


Video:
	Widescreen 1.85:1 Color (Anamorphic)

Audio:
	ENGLISH: Dolby Digital 4.0 [CC]
ENGLISH: Dolby Digital Surround [CC]
FRENCH: Dolby Digital Surround

Subtitles:
	English, Spanish
	   	Includes:
	Audio Commentary From Tim Burton And Some other Guy
Release Date: 11-8-2005

Packaging: Pirate Bay
Disc: As You Wish

 Film Information
   	Actors:
 ? Johnny Depp
 ? Alan Arkin
 ? Kathy Baker
 ? Anthony Michael Hall
 ? Vincent Price
 ? Winona Ryder
 ? Dianne Wiest

Directors:
 ? Tim Burton

Producers:
 ? Tim Burton
 ? Denise Di Novi

Writers:
 ? Caroline Thompson
	   	Studio: 20th Century Fox

Production Year: 1990
DVD Year: 2005

Length: 105 mins
Rating: PG-13  

Edward Scissorhands is Burton's masterpiece. It's the story of an uncommonly gentle man (Johnny Depp, in what may still be his finest role) who finds fame, love, and then rejection in the heart of suburbia. Like the best fairytales, the story can be read many ways, from a plea for tolerance for handicapped people, to an exploration of the tortured artist at work (the famous scene where Edward creates an ice scultpure for Kim is the purest example of an artist communicating through their work in cinematic history).

    Across the board, everyone does great work in this movie. The supporting cast is one of the best in Burton?s filmography. Winona Ryder is a perfect fairytale princess, Dianne Wiest exudes warmth as the sympathetic Avon lady, Alan Arkin is a hilariously laidback dad and Vincent Price (in his last appearance in a feature film) has a small but unforgettable cameo.

    Scissorhands is arguably Burton?s most personal film, a moving portrait of an artistic outsider who cannot touch what he desires without destroying it. While he may have made more technically adept films since, none of his other work comes close to the emotion of this deceptively simple story. The stunning visuals and heartbreakingly beautiful score by Danny Elfman have also added to this film's status as an all-time classic.
