by ADigitalMan
What is it about? An extended alternate cut,this reintegrates most of the deleted, extended or alternate material. This helps strengthen the relationship between Will Graham and his son.


original film name: Red Dragon
new film name: Red Dragon: Desserts Served With Your Main Course
film studio name: Universal Studio
Date Original Film Was Released: 04 Oct. 2002
Date Edit Was Released: 27 NOV 2007
Original Runtime : 124 min
New Runtime : 129 min
Amount of time Cut/Added : 5 minutes

Cuts removed/added/extended :

* Graham watching his son sleep before he leaves
* More of Chilton and Graham talking about the procedures taken with Lecter
* More of Graham investigating the Leedsâ?? bedroom
* Graham studying the catâ??s grave at the Jacobi house
* Graham has a brief vision while in the tree at the Jacobi house
* Graham talking to his son about Lecter
* Lounds recording the message into the tape recorder
* The Dragonâ??s voice (by Frank Langella!) is heard taunting Dolarhyde while he runs around his house looking for Reba. His dialogue now becomes a two-way conversation.
* Lecter watching the Leedsâ?? family video as â??â??The Showâ??" part of his â??â??Dinner and a Showâ??" deal.
* Josh confronted by Dolarhyde at the end (this was shown in the trailer)

Removed:
* When Bowman breaks Lecterâ??s code, what the note says is removed to heighten the tension for the audience as Graham waits to hear what it says.â?? DVD-ROM content contains hi-res artwork, the complete theatrical score with unreleased cues by Danny Elfman, and the complete 3-CD set of scoring sessions with alternate cues. All four folders of score material are in hi-bitrate MP3 format. Deeper character development, stronger tension


DVD details:

NTSC 2.35:1 Widescreen 
5.1 AC-3 Audio (English) 
static menu with audio 
cover and disc art in ROM part 
Your intention for this fanedit:

Strengthen the relationship between Will Graham and his son. 
Additional Comment:

An extended alternate cut. About 6-7 minutes longer, this reintegrates most of the deleted, extended or alternate material. This helps strengthen the relationship between Will Graham and his son (which in turn makes the climax all the more powerful), shows us more of Will Grahamâ??s analytic mind, Dolarhydeâ??s madness (including the excised â??Red Dragon Voiceoverâ?? by Frank Langella), Dr. Chiltonâ??s tactlessness, and snips out Lloyd Bowmanâ??s reading of the decoded message to heighten the tension of what it might say as Will waits to hear it.

I personally liked this film. While itâ??s not nearly as great as Silence, I give props to Ratner for at least trying to capture that filmâ??s mood. So once again pull up a chair to the dining table and enjoy this last soiree with Anthony Hopkins in the role that made him a household name.

Time needed for the edition: 

3 days 
persons involved: ADigitalMan

IMAGES:
cover art by ADigitalMan:

WWW.FANEDIT.ORG
