Instant Immersion Japanese 4 CD-Rom Deluxe Edition

from: Topics Entertainment


Instant Immersion Japanese delivers an authentic Japanese language-learning environment to your desktop. Based on the Euromethod--an approach that immerses students in a country's language and culture--this four CD-ROM suite includes Talk Now!, World Talk, Human Japanese, and JquickTrans. It's filled with cultural videos, entertaining games, easy-to-follow lessons, quizzes that test your progress, and interactive dialogues with native speakers, so you'll be speaking Japanese in no time. Rounding out your immersion experience, the JquickTrans CD-ROM is a remarkable Japanese dictionary, study guide, translator, and kanji reference source providing Japanese-language online chat and surfing support. With Instant Immersion, you learn by hearing, seeing, and doing. 



Millions of people worldwide have discovered the value of Instant Immersion, the most effective program available for learning to speak a foreign language quickly. 

The New and Improved! Instant Immersion Japanese suite combines brand new features and interactive exercises with an authentic learning environment - the best way to master a foreign language. 

Based on the highly effective EuroMethod (an intuitive approach that surrounds you with native speakers and a new culture) this 4 cd-rom suite immerses you in the learning process with cultural videos, entertaining games, and interactive dialogue with native speakers. 

You'll quickly move from beginner level to that of intermediate with the first two discs from Eurotalk, publisher of language-learning software in Europe. 

Talk Now and World Talk will have you speaking Japanese faster than any other language-learning software on the market, with fun, easy-to-follow instructions. 

Human Japanese the 3rd disc, explains essential terminology and dialogue skills in a user-friendly format complete with games and quizzes that test your progress. 

Rounding out your immersion experience, the JquickTrans disc is a remarkable Japanese dictionary, study guide, translator, and kanji reference source providing Japanese-language online chat and surfing support.