ARTIST: The Decemberists
TITLE: The Crane Wife
LABEL: Capitol Records
GENRE: Indie
BITRATE: 207kbps avg
PLAYTIME: 1h 00m total
RELEASE DATE: 2006-10-03
RIP DATE: 2006-09-25

Track List
----------
1.  The Crane Wife 3                 4:18
2.  The Island:/Come And See/The    12:26
    Landlord's Daughter/You'll Not
    Feel The Drowning
3.  Yankee Bayonet (I Will Be Home   4:18
    Then)
4.  O Valencia!                      3:47
5.  The Perfect Crime #2             5:33
6.  When The War Came                5:06
7.  Shankill Butchers                4:39
8.  Summersong                       3:31
9.  The Crane Wife 1 & 2            11:19
10. Sons & Daughters               


"I'm a poor, drunken orphan with nowhere to go but the grave," wailed a waifish
and non-plussed Mr. Chris Funk as he lay supine by the railroad tracks. The
crate of records he had been cradling in his nubile appendages now lay in pieces
on the ashen ground, his complete collected recordings of sixties psychedelic
luminary Rick "Paisley Dave" Rigmore scattered hit her and yon like so many dead
leaves beneath a diseased elm. Noting his neglect to accredit this phrase to its
rightful owner, chief engineer Jenny Conlee, her accordion neatly strapped to
her back, stepped lightly from the caboose and corrected his negligence with the
aplomb only an immigrant Hungarian could muster: "Dylan Thomas, sir! Please move
along!" But it was too late: an indelible bond had been soldered in that moment
of recognition. A few hours later, in a Turkish bath, they revealed their
stories to one another between sips of a strange, tangerine liqueur. Not far
from that spot, however, two young military dignitaries (John Moen, Nate Query),
appropriately lathered, overheard our two heroes' stories. Was it chance, then,
that lead the four unsuspecting bathers to seek to return their soiled
undergarments at the same kiosk where worked the poor, bespectacled Colin Meloy?
One can surmise all one wants, but the truth should be known that, after
adopting the moniker The Decemberists, these five wan vagabonds began playing
their peculiarly styled pop music in various concert-halls and brothels all
across the globe.

