Homes & Property provides a stylish, readable and intelligent treatment of all aspects of the property market every Wednesday and has established itself as an integral part of the fabric of the London housing scene since its inception ten years ago.

Expert writers guide you through the hidden gems of our capital's streets, give you the heads up on the must-have designs for your home and check out the serious issues of the day. Practical but aspirational this premier guide has become the ideal house hunting partner for discerning Londoners.

?Homes & Property is the market leader in its field. Its expert writers cover every aspect of London living and lifestyle. We bring you the insider information on the latest new homes, how to buy to let, and invest for your future.

How to create the most exciting interiors, and handle the tricky issues of space and light. We offer you the latest homeware, at often, bargain prices. We tackle the serious issues of the day talking with architects and environmentalists, guiding you through legal problems and home finance. This intelligent reporting has made Homes & Property the most popular property magazine for a decade.?

Janice Morley, Editor

The Homes & Property television show is a prime time ITV1 six-part series now in its second series. Produced by Talkback Thames (Grand Designs, Property Ladder) and presented by Alison Cork, Charlie Luxton and Sunita Shroff this show is an ideal brand extension to our magazine and offers fabulous, fast moving, big projection to complement our print media. The show concentrates on London and the people who live in it.




-LEGAL TORRENTS

Purpose:

create a balance, share the already free stuff,
public domain works, freeware, free music,
free ebooks, articles, manifestos, movie trailers, and more.

show the copyright owners that torrent
websites shouldn't bear the responsibility
of what their users upload, torrent websites
are very much similar to google..

users upload what they want to upload,
download what they want to download,
and search for what they want to search..

by creating this balance and sharing the already free
stuff, we hope to take the pressure of torrent websites..

