A WHIRLWIND TRIP INTO SPACE WITH SAM NEILL 

Movie star, Sam Neill, takes viewers on an awe-inspiring journey around our Galaxy and 
beyond in BBC ONEâ??s ground-breaking new documentary series Space (Sunday, July 22, 
8.30pm).

Space uses state-of-the-art computer graphics to make the Universe and its stars come to 
life -  from vast clouds where new stars are born, to planet-guzzling monsters such as 
black holes. The beauty and sheer power of the cosmos is unleashed on screen using 
astonishing images from telescopes around the world and in space itself.  

Spaceâ??s unique concept - a Virtual Space Zone set deep in the mountains of New Zealand 
-  allows Sam Neill to interact directly with a virtual universe, throwing a stone and 
watching it become the asteroid which wiped out the dinosaurs, wading into the Galaxy 
to watch a black hole guzzle the Earth and holding a star in the palm of his hand.   

â??This is the story of our quest to find out where we all came fromâ?? says Sam Neill, who 
stars in the soon-to-be-released Jurassic Park III.  â??Itâ??s about the magic of space - that 
amazing moment weâ??ve all experienced when we look up at the stars and ask ourselves 
â??where did we come from?â?? and â??are we alone ?â??â??

The series meets scientists and experts who are exploring some of the profoundest 
questions we can ask ourselves and listens to some of their earth-shattering answers.   

In Star Stuff  we learn that all life on Earth, including humans, comes from outer space - 
every single molecule of our bodies originates from an unimaginably large hydrogen 
cloud created by the Big Bang, and there are even serious claims that life was carried to 
earth by meteors.

Staying Alive shows just how dangerous the Universe continues to be. Life on Earth has 
been nearly eradicated on twenty occasions by massive asteroids, most dramatically 
causing the extinction of dinosaurs.  Another cataclysm is due any time now.  
Even if we avoid destruction by asteroids, we face eventual melt-down, as our Sun is 
getting progressively hotter. New Worlds looks at where we could go to escape this fate 
and talks to scientists who are already exploring how we could turn a planet like Mars 
into a Noahâ??s ark for the earthâ??s animal and plant life.  It may even be that humans have 
to change themselves genetically to survive.

Black Holes are the Universeâ??s ultimate monsters, sucking everything into their super-
dense centres.  There are an estimated ten million of these cosmic killers in our galaxy, 
and once created they never die. What are the chances of Earth having a fatal encounter ?

Are We Alone looks at the possibility of extraterrestrial life and visits SETI, a scientific 
project that for the past 40 years has been searching for information beamed from 
intelligent life in other solar systems.

If humans are ever to reach deep space, thereâ??ll need to be some revolutionary changes in 
transport.  Boldly Go demonstrates how ion propulsion and solar sails may become 
effective means to galaxy-hop, and considers â??worm holesâ?? as ways to cheat time and 
space.

Space whisks viewers across the globe to meet scientists at the cutting edge of space 
technology.  People like Professor Paul Drake who recreates exploding stars in his 
laboratory; Lawrence Krauss, an astrophysicist and science advisor to Star Trek; Jeff 
Wynn, a geologist who tracks down asteroid craters on Earth; Seth Shostak who searches 
for extraterrestrial life at the SETI Institute; Penny Boston, a scientist who has found life 
in the most inhospitable places on earth, increasing our hopes of finding life on Mars; 

Robert Zubrin who is developing biospheres to enable humans to live on Mars; David 
Brin, a science fiction writer who believes we may have to change genetically to survive 
new worlds; Dr Marc Rayman, a NASA scientist working on ion propulsion; Professor 
Brian Boyle who has already mapped out 75,000 galaxies in the Universe, and was the 
first person, with his team, to watch a black hole being created; Professor Peter Coles, a 
cosmologist who believes tunnels through space could be created to travel anywhere 
instantly; and Story Musgrave, an astronaut whose working day involves satellite 
maintenance thousands of feet about Earth.   

â??My aim in making this series is to inspire viewers who think science is a bore,â?? says 
award-winning series producer, Richard Burke Ward.  â??Space is about our relationship 
with the Universe - how the things which go on â??up thereâ?? really do affect our lives on 
Earth.  If you think the Universe is a big irrelevance, Space will make you think again.â??  

Space is a BBC co-production with The Learning Channel.

There is a BBC book to accompany the series, together with a video and DVD (available 
later this year).   The BBC Space website will feature an exciting 3D tour of the solar 
system, online games, e-cards from the series and other intergalactic fun.          

Log on to www.bbc.co.uk/space
