***Watch the comment section carefully. In about five minutes, tomtomx and vampire_pirate or some other outrageous psycho will go absolutely nuts about this movie***

****Nobody locks up people who claim to see Bigfoot, or who think Elvis is alive. People with such loony notions are simply allowed their freedom of speech, then ridiculed, then ignored. If Zundel, Irving, Rudolph and Verbeke are totally crazy, why the intense pressure to steal them from their homes and ship them to Germany for the crime of simply not agreeing with a particular spin of the history of WW2?

Truth needs no laws to support it. Throughout history, from Galileo to Zundel, only lies and liars have resorted to the courts to enforce adherence to dogma. More than anything else, it is the extreme tactics employed by the defenders of the orthodoxy that calls into doubt the accuracy of the history they proclaim to the world.***

--http://www.whatreallyhappened.com/

Judea Declares War on Germany: A Critical Look at WWII. This DVD takes you on a journey back in time. Hosted by Dr. Fredrick Toben, this intriguing documentary shows a little-known aspect of WWII, in which Jews at one time declared war on Germany. In response to this, many Jews were incarcerated in prison camps, similar to what America did to the Japanese. Some Germans even claim that prior to the war's end when supply lines were cut and starvation and disease was rampant, Jews were treated more humanely than the Japanese in American prison camps. See what such talk is based on. Many rare photographs, and some surprising footage showing the prison camps as they are today.

And now that concen is beeing flooded with the same old stories about the nazis we've been hearing about for decades, I think it's time someone bring up another one of historys great holocausts, which far surpassess that of Adolf Hitlers; The 60,000,000 (at least! May be as high as 100.000.000)  Christians who were exterminated by all anti-christian jewish red commissars in Russia under the orders of Trotsky. These christians were murdered in the USSR under jewish marxism between 1917-1945, and many of the marxists came to Russia from New York to do this to christians in 1917 after Jacob Schiff, the Jewish anti-Christian banker who owned The Guaranty National Trust, the largest bank in the United States, financed Lenin and Trotsky with 35 million for the red revolution and the mass killing of these Christians. Would anyone like to comment on that, or do you prefer to just move on to another topic, as it is usually the case when this aspect of history is brought up???

Runtime......: 01:26:32
Video Codec..: DivX5
Video Bitrate: 800 Kbps.
Audio Codec..: MP3
Audio Bitrate: 128 kbps
Frame Size...: 704 x 576