Doctor Who 2007 series 3 episode 10 Blink

From the BBC website:
(http://www.bbc.co.uk/doctorwho/episodes/2007/310.shtml)

Written by - Steven Moffat
Director - Hettie Macdonald

CAST
The Doctor - David Tennant
Martha Jones - Freema Agyeman

Sally Sparrow - Carey Mulligan
Kathy Nightingale - Lucy Gaskill
Larry Nightingale - Finlay Robertson
Malcolm Wainwright - Richard Cant
Billy Shipton - Michael Obiora
Old Billy - Louis Mahoney
Ben Wainwright - Thomas Nelstrop
Banto - Ian Boldsworth
Desk Sergeant - Ray Sawyer

RATINGS:
Overnight: TBA
Final: TBA
Audience Appreciation: TBA

DID YOU KNOW?:

Blink is based on a story that Steven Moffat wrote for the Doctor Who Annual 2006 - What I Did on My Christmas Holidays by Sally Sparrow. You can read it here on the site.

Rosemary and Thyme is a notable recent example of an ITV show featuring a pair of amateur female investigators. Sparrow and Nightingale are a lot younger though. Well, they are until Nightingale blinks at an Angel.

In our universe, The Hull Times has only been Hull's Hometown Newspaper since 1930.

Many DVDs, including a large number of the classic Doctor Who releases, have Easter Eggs on them. However, the Doctor's message to Sally hasn't featured on any of them. Yet.

On average, it takes between 300-400 milliseconds to blink. Depending on the circumstances, a human blinks between 3 and 30 times a minute. If confronted by a Weeping Angel, the time endured without blinking can be increased significantly.

Scooby-Doo, Where Are You! was first broadcast in 1969 - the year that the Doctor, Martha and Billy were transported to by the Weeping Angels.

In addition to the Weeping Angels, the Doctor has encountered a number of other creatures which are nearly as old as the universe itself. These include the Carrionites (The Shakespeare Code), the Racnoss (The Runaway Bride), and Fenric (The Curse of Fenric). Not one of them has been friendly.

CLASSIC CONNECTIONS:

Although the Doctor only appears briefly in Blink, in the early years of the classic series there were episodes where he didn't appear at all! The Doctor is entirely absent from The Keys of Marinus parts 3 and 4, Mission to the Unknown and The Massacre parts 2 and 3.

Fact File compiled by Peter Ware.

[HerMes Digital Media]