Cyberia
Released: Jan 12, 1994
Published By: Interplay
Developed By: Xatrix Entertainment
Platform: DOS

By www.AGCnet.tk

MobyGames Description
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
In the year 2027 the world is controlled by two rival super-powers, the western-bloc Free World Alliance and the east-bloc Cartel.

Transmissions from an FWA spy reveal the location of a secret multi-national labratory deep within Siberia, the "Cyberia Complex", where a mysterious weapon is being developed. FWA leader Devlin frees a cyber-hacker named Zak from prison and sends him to infiltrate the complex and discover the true nature of the Cyberia weapon.

Unfortunately, the Cartel is also interested in the weapon and will stop at nothing to get it. Not only must Zak make his way past the Cartel forces sent to stop him, but he must also overcome the Cartel agents which have already seized control of the complex. To make matters worse the Cyberian scientist's genetically engineered creations are running rampant in the same area as he weapon, and Devlin also appears to be have something up his sleeve.

Game Information
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
Found the game on eDonkey, thanks to Sihaya's site. Remember, this is not Syberia by Microids. Tested on Windows XP Home Edition. Used DOSBox and the Frontend D-Fend. Used Daemon-Tools to Mount the CD Image. The CD Drive had to be the first one, or D:, in my case. That can be done with DOSBox if you mount it properly. Another way is through Disk Management if don't plan to use DOSBox.

File size comparison between the RAR and the Extracted contents:

173MB RAR
287MB Extracted

Links
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
MobyGames
http://www.mobygames.com/game/cyberia

A few Reviews
http://www.adventurecollective.com/reviews/cyberia.htm
http://www.csoon.com/issue3/cyberia.htm


Would anyone be interested in Cyberia 2: Resurrection? I ask because it's a 2 CD game that totals up to 1.09GB. If I don't post it, you can always get the game from eDonkey or at yztay's DC Hub. Info about the DC hub is at the AGC front page.