

The Cure
Entreat 

Entreat is the best live album I have heard from The Cure. A must have for the Cure fan.


THE CURE pulled off what was likely the defining album of their career with 1989's Disintegration, and the ensuing Prayer Tour was a huge success worldwide. Entreat is a live album taken from this tour. Featuring excellent performances of 8 of the 12 tracks from Disintegration and nothing else, this is an album that any Disintegration fan will love. Eight tracks, all from that album, looser and a bit more raw than the studio versions, and also quite a bit faster. Certainly it does not replace the original album, but it does nicely package a bunch of live tracks that originally appeared as b-sides into one coherent package. Its brevity is novel, too, since Cure shows are generally pretty exhaustive. 

A sort of overlooked entry in the Cure catalog, Entreat is an excellent live document from the Disintegration tour, recorded at Wembley Arena in July 1989. It was released as a limited edition and was distributed mostly through the fan clubs. Sound quality is very good, very present given that it's an arena show, and very light on crowd noise. 

This is tight and focused, not as deep and desparate as the studio album, but for anyone who is into The Cure in general, Entreat is a must-have. The "hits" are not represented, except for "Pictures of You" and "Fascination Street," which are faster in pace. The songs that shine are the less-traveled album tracks, like "Closedown," "Homesick," and the always wonderful "Prayers For Rain," which is as depressing a song as has ever been written, God bless it. "Disintegration" doesn't match the intensity of the studio version, but it couldn't. It's still pretty intense. "Untitled" is really good, a great close, very rainy and hard not to get hit in the heart by.

This CD reminds me of my darkest and direst days ? like my "cutting" kit, it's nice to have around "just in case." Whoa, I think I lost whatever the joke was that I was going for there. Ah well, I guess creepy discomfort is a good second choice to nervous laughter for my readers.



Tracklisting:

1 	  	Pictures Of You (7:09)
2 	  	Closedown (4:25)
3 	  	Last Dance (4:42)
4 	  	Fascination Street (5:17)
5 	  	Prayers For Rain (4:43)
6 	  	Disintegration (7:41)
7 	  	Homesick (6:52)
8 	  	Untitled (6:32)



Encoded with lame 3.97 -V4 --vbr-new (~170 kbit/s) and should be close to perceptual transparency.


Kids, always remember Xenu is your friend.

www.xenu.net

 
