Dragons of the Dwarven Depths

 
The Lost Chronicles, Volume I 
Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman 
Dragonlance
 
 The Companions are back!

In an untold story from the War of the Lance, the companions have saved the refugees of Pax Tharkas and led them to a hidden valley. For a time, they are safe, but the forces of the Dragon Army are in pursuit. 

As Tanis and Flint seek out a haven in the dwarven kingdom of Thorbardin, the rest of the companions face their own challenges. Raistlin is strangely drawn to the haunted fortress known as Skullcap. Sturm seeks the legendary Hammer of Kharas, the forging tool of the fabled dragonlances, while Tika Waylan must make a perilous journey to rescue those she loves from certain death. 

It is the dwarf, Flint Fireforge, who faces the most crucial test. As the heroes race against time to save the lives of those dependent on them, Flint is forced to make a difficult choice, one on which the future of mankind may rest. 


From School Library Journal
Grade 9 Upâ??In Dragons of the Dwarven Depths (Wizards of the Coast, 2006), authors Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman attempt to fill in some of the gaps in their popular Chronicles Trilogy series. The story picks up after the Companions of the Lance have helped a group of slaves escape from the mines of Pax Tharkas. The group takes refuge in a mountain valley, where they hope to be safe from their former masters. When the illusion of security is dispelled by the appearance of one of their old enemies, the heroes take action. They seek out the lost dwarven stronghold of Thorbardin, hoping that the dwarves that still remain within will give shelter to the refugees through the winter. However, this sanctuary comes with a cost. The Companions are forced to take up a quest for the fabled Hammer of Kharas. The story is weighted with exposition that drags down what has the potential to be an exciting plot. While the characters may be old friends to returning readers, those new to the Chronicles will find them flat and underdeveloped. Sandra Burr's clear, melodic voice guides listeners carefully along the journey. While she skillfully provides distinct voices for a large cast of characters, some of them grate on the ears. This recording will be in demand by fans of the previous books, but it will not draw in new listeners.â??Heather Dieffenbach, Lexington Public Library, Beaumont Branch, KY 
Copyright Â© Reed Business Information, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved. --This text refers to the Audio CD edition.

Freshly ripped at CBR 192kbps.
Enjoy!
 
