YEAR: 1953

DIRECTED BY: Eugene Lourié

CAST: Paul Hubschmid, Paula Raymond, Cecil Kellaway, Kenneth Tobey, Donald Woods, Lee Van Cleef, Steve Brodie, Ross Elliott

RUNING TIME: 76 min.

GÉNRE: Sci- Fi. Horror

SYNOPSIS: "The Beast From 20,000 Fathoms" is one of many "nuclear explosion thaws out the pre-historic monster" movies popular in the 1950's. What sets this film apart from other similarly themed films, are the superior special effects created by the legendary Ray Harryhausen.

His dinosaur is as good as you will see in any sci-fi movie. It moves without that jerky motion common in so many stop-motion monsters (i.e. King Kong). The "monster destroys the city" sequence is outstanding. There is also an excellent fight between an octopus and a shark that is very exciting. The best sequence takes place at the end of the film when the monster is cornered in an amusement park.

As in all such movies, the human actors are incidental to the plot. The German/Swiss actor Paul Christian (aka Hubschmid) plays the requisite scientist, Paula Raymond and Cecil Kellaway are the "dinosaur experts and Kenneth Tobey and Donald Woods play the sceptical military types. There are also a number of recognizable "B" movie faces from the period such as Lee Van Cleef, Steve Brodie, Jack Pennick and James Best.

AUDIO (CODEC):Dolby Digital Mono

FORMAT (PAL O NTSC): Pal

IDIOMA: Spanish, English, German, French

SUBTÍTLES: Español, Inglés, Alemán, Francés, Portugués, Islandés, Sueco, Croata, Esloveno, Griego, Húngaro, Rumano, Holandes, Turco, Árabe, Inglés para sordos, Alemán para sordos


IMAGE: 1.37:1 , 4:3

EXTRAS: Interactive menus, trailers, Direct access to scenes, Make off, Harryhausen y Bradhury: An unfathomable friendship, Other fantastic creatures of Willis H. O´Brian / Ray Harryhausen.

FORMATO:DVD9 => DVD5

COMPRESION: DVDDecrypter +DVDRebuilder. 4 pass (The ratio of compression is minimum keeping in mind that the original one are 4.55 gb and the runing time of the movie is short. )

IT NOTES FINAL: This is the end of the circular.... With this upload, it is finished my contribute al cycle dedicated al genius RAY HARRYHAUSEN.
Alone it reduces me to thank to the users that they have download the movies, therefore all the work went directed to them.... and without them there had not been cycle. Already alone reduces that my good friend Goethemola put the clasp of gold to the cycle!!!

To the proxima