Obchod na korze (1965) AKA "The Shop on Main Street" (USA)

IMDB Link:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0059527/

----

A request for "LETCHO"...This was a fuck to find.  The subs were yellow as well!  I  tried my best to make them match the film.

I've never seen an 8.8 on IMDB before, yet here is such a movie.

I've NOT seen this, and it could be jewish trash, so be forewarned...after all, this *IS* about the "Holocau$t"...
 
Czech and Slovak audio, with HARD ENCODED ENGLISH subs.
 
----

Mini Plot:

The Shop on Main Street" tells the story of Tony Brtko (Jozef Kroner), assigned as the Aryan supervisor of a small shop run by Rozalie Lautman (Ida Kaminska), a doddering old lady whose mind is mostly gone and lives in a fog, seemingly unaware that World War II is raging around her. Tony, no sympathizer to the Nazi cause, takes on the duties begrudgingly, but becomes increasingly more involved as he realizes what fate will gradually meet Rozalie. Things reach a shattering conclusion at the climax, as Tony is met by her frustrating oblivion to the danger she is in. Ida Kaminska has received most of the attention in regards to this film. Hollywood even recognized her with a Best Actress Academy Award nomination in 1966. But the standout for me was Jozef Kroner, playing a quiet, mostly lazy man who is forced against his will into the role of hero. Watching his performance is like watching a raw nerve. I had some slight problems with the director's obsession on comparing Tony to Christ (he's a carpenter, he repeatedly is shown having his feet bathed), but this is a minor complaint about a film that packs a tremendous emotional wallop. I defy anyone to forget the last painful, lingering image of the film (I won't give it away), that simultaneously comments on the world that is and laments the world that could be.

or

Obchod na korze" is a 1965 Czech film that tells about the persecution of the Jews during World War II in terms of a poignant odd couple. During the occupation, Tono Brtko (Jozef Kroner) is poor, but because he is Aryan his life is about to change. Tono is appointed the controller of a button shop owned by Rozalie Lautman (Ida Kaminska), a slightly deaf Jewish widow who does not really understand what is going on. In fact, she thinks Tono is looking for a job, and hires him. They forge a relationship, but then the Nazis declare it is time for the Jews to be shipped off. The march of the Jews to the trains stands in devastating contrast to an earlier seen in the film where these same people took a pleasant walk through the streets of their town on a Sunday afternoon. "The Shop on Main Street" is directed by Ján Kadár and Elmar Klos from a story by Ladislav Grosman and it reminds you that when Dante created the circle of Hell and the very bottom were Judas, Brutus and Cassius, and all those who had committed the ultimate sin of betrayal. This is an intimate film about the Holocaust, that is able to approach the subject in terms of personal responsiblity more than most films. It makes the argument that the greatest horror was not what awaited those who died in the death camps, but came instead when their friends and neighbors set them to the trains. A very sobering film.

----

Encoded by: sickboy88
Codec: XviD 1.1.0 Beta 2
Bitrate:702 kb/s AVG
Aspect: 640x496 = 1.29:1
Audio: Czech, Slovak, 128 VBR Stereo @ 48K Hz
Subtitles: English: Hard-Encoded
Runtime: 02:06:24
FPS: 23.976

----

If you are going to watch this, you'll want to install the NEW XviD codec:

Now at Beta 2!

http://www.koepi.org/XviD-1.1.0-Beta2-04042005.exe

For top quality, make sure you use the XviD decoder configerator, and turn
on (Y) and (UV) deblocking, and the new feature of
XviD 1.1.0 (Y) and (UV) DERINGING.

If you have a slow computer, please turn off pre-processing. I don't want
another stupid motherfucker telling me that my movies are out of sync
because they are totally computer illiterate