Only the BEST hiphop, rock, country band from Ft. Worth Texas.


Band Bio :

Dim lights, thick smoke and loud music. Every little questionable, seedy, beer-joint this side of the Pecos has these elements. And that's also where you'll find these boys spending their days. Pimpadelic has been making music now for years and show no signs of letting up. Making Ft Worth, TX their home and feeling comfortable in their own tattooed and scarred skin, these hellions make no excuses for themselves. 

Pimpadelic, in the beginning, were a straight up Glam band. Moving with the times, their sound slowly transformed into a rap/rock feel. Being so versatile is what helps this band stay on top of their game. Now, with a fresh new line-up, they are going back to their roots of good old fashion rock. Keeping a slight rap appeal to the whole game, the boys will let you know real quick they means business when it comes to music. The music has a wide variety of genres and they refused to be labeled to one particular one. They are definitely known for playing music that appeals to the masses, as shown in every live show performed. 

Lead singer/Lead Guitarist Easy Jesus Coe, along with Vocalist 100 Proof came up in a small trashy suburb of Ft. Worth called Blue Mound. Tried and true, these boys have shown nothing but loyalty to the place where they first started jammin' and writing music. Illegitimate nephew of outlaw country singer David Allan Coe, Easy plays honk-tonk country on his days off in dives all across Texas. 

Down the road, in west Fort Worth you'll find the Bassist of the group, AKA or Shane, as he's known by most. In his humble beginnings, AKA played 80's metal and was damn good at it. It was until joining Pimpadelic that AKA found his solid riffs and in-the-pocket bass lines. 

Going a bit further south to ghetto streets of Pleasant Grove, is the birthplace of the drummer Belly Ray Vyrus. Cuttin' his teeth on old Motley Crue and AC/DC tunes, B.R.V or The Great Reverend as he is sometimes called, has been choppin' sticks now for a long time. He too plays with Easy J on their days off and accompanies him vocally on old country tunes. 

Nestled on the outskirts of Ft. Worth, North Richland Hills is the hometown of new found guitarist Ravishing Rawb. A young buck, but not so new to the game, Rawb will make any six-string scream. Solid rhythm licks and the ability to play leads along with Coe, make this player invaluable. And, he's just an all-around nice guy! 

Pimpadelic has had the staying power to remain on top of their game. Headling shows all over Texas and touring every year, keeps these guys fresh and tight. I guess you could say Pimpadelic has done it their way. And they continue to push foward through all the politics and red tape of the business. With five albums out and a highly anticipated sixth album due out by February, great horizons are abroad. 
