Jeannie Marie Sullivan - scene from `Teens In Tight Jeans #1` (2005)


Cast:
Jeanie Marie Sullivan, Marco Duato, Erik Everhard, Trent


Sex ingredients:
Jeanie. Sexy top & yellow jeans (10 secs). On bed. Teases. Clit solo. Sitting on toilet. Erik Everhard. Fingers her. Screwing  doggie, on her back, rev cowgirl. Fingers her ass. He strokes off facial. Swallows. Marco. BJ. Anal. Facial. Trent. BJ. Facial.


Scene review:

Drop dead gorgeous Jeanie Marie - a slender 19-year-old with a killer figure - is busy on the bathroom toilet when she gets a call from her guy to get it on. Quickly, she strips off her yellow colored jeans, jumps on the bed and waits to get laid. After her man fingers her fur less pie, he fucks her all over the bed in every position possible. Both Jeanie and her beau take turns stuffing fingers up her tush, but anal sex never comes to pass. While overall this is an enjoyable and highly energetic scene, the addition of some ass fucking would have made it all the more better.

However, if anal`s where it`s at for you, don`t despair. There are plenty of poop hole plowings to go around later on this disc. There`s more Jeanie too. After one guy leaves, another shows up to replace him. Jeanie blows the dude's socks off, and then gets down on all fours and does what she wouldn't before. That, of course, is take it up the ass! The shitter slamming is smooth and apparently enjoyable to Jeanie. She rubs her clit with much satisfaction while being balled in the butt from behind and then reverse cowgirl. The entire time she's begging to have her teen ass fucked and face cummed on. She gets her wish in both cases. So did I! Jeanie had me jerking off until I came too!

Apparently, Jeanie`s house is the local brothel and she's the only girl on duty. As proof, the next day another fella shows up and Jeanie - wearing only a bra & panties - immediately starts dolling out fellatio on him. He blows a load, she swallows his cum and everyone is happy, including me! 


Duration:  35:45 mins.
Format:
Resolution:  592 x 320



SCREENS: 
http://www.jam-hot.com/details.php?id=10675


For more nush-nush: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/deirdre1987/







.


