******************* Release Information *****************

    Title ............. Nin X Nin Ninja Hattori Kun
    Theatre Date ...... 2003
    Release Date ...... 2005/02/16
    Ripper............. MiNY
    Genre ............. Action
    Runtime ........... 1:41:58
    Video Bitrate ..... 1,472 kbps AVG
    Video Codec ....... XviD
    Audio Bitrate ..... AC3 5.1CH 448 Kbps
    Frame Rate ........ 23.976 Fps
    Resolution ........ 704 x 384  ( 1.83 : 1 )
    Subtitles ......... English

    Nin.X.Nin.Ninja.Hattori.Kun.2004.DVDRip.XviD.AC3.iNT.CD1-MiNY.avi (700M)
    Nin.X.Nin.Ninja.Hattori.Kun.2004.DVDRip.XviD.AC3.iNT.CD2-MiNY.avi (700M)

    http://global.yesasia.com/en/PrdDept.aspx/pid-1003913436/code-j/section-videos/

STORY:

A Ninja star slices through the air! Sparks fly with the clash of Ninja swords! In the deep mountain recesses of the land of Iga, an aging Ninja, Jinzo (played by Shiro Ito), is in the final stages of preparing his son, Kanzo Hattori, for full-fledged "Ninjahood". His last test? To try to uphold the Ninja code while living in modern "Edo"(Tokyo). "You must not be seen by anyone other than your lord. If your are, you fail as Ninja", Jinzo warns.

Speeding over mountains and valleys, Hattori arrives in the skyscraper-dense metropolis of Tokyo. Perched atop Tokyo Tower, he marvels at the beautiful sea of lights below, his heart pounding with anticipation of his final test. As a Ninja, his first task is to find someone to serve, and Hattori arbitrarily chooses a frustrated and bored elementary school third-grader named Ken-ichi (Yuri Chinen) as his new lord and master. Ken-ichi's home life is less than thrilling. His father (Kazuyuki Asano) is constantly occupied with work, even at home, and his mother (Keiko Toda) busies herself by gossiping with friends. At school, too, Ken-ichi leads a lonely and flavorless existence, choosing to remain distant from the rest of his classmates. But everything begins to change when Hattori takes up residence in Ken-ichi's room, as the two embark on a secret, touching and often humorous journey together.

Just around this time, Tokyo is beset by a rash of strange and eerie incidents. Someone ? or something ? has been going around knocking people into an unconscious state without leaving any signs of external injury. The victims, who range from a night watchman to a noodle stand owner, have no apparent connection to each other. At the scene of each crime, however, the mysterious assailant has left something resembling an ancient Ninja dagger as his calling card. To the stumped detectives in charge of solving the case, Tahara (Takashi Ukaji) and Kashiwada (Mikihisa Azuma), nothing about these events seem ordinary.

Meanwhile, at school, Ken-ichi has a new teacher named Satoh, who quickly impresses the students with his astonishing reflexes. When Hattori accompanies his lord to school, using his Ninja skills to remain concealed in the classroom, Satoh immediately detects him. As it turns out, Satoh is a former member of the Koga Ninja clan who goes by the name of Kemumaki (Gori) and is Hattori's long-time rival. Hattori challenges Kemumaki to a duel but Kemumaki refuses, saying that he has given up the Ninja trade in order to survive in modern times. Many former members of the Koga clan have, in fact, abandoned the life of the Ninja and have chosen instead to blend into contemporary society, wielding their Ninja skills only on occasion in the execution of their daily lives. For example, one is an action film star, another a housewife, another a mundane company employee.

Despite the challenges all Ninja face in trying to make it in a big and modern city, Hattori relies on his long training and deft skills to remain true to his calling and avoid being seen by anyone other than his lord. Ken-ichi, in the process, gets treated to a dazzling array of Ninja maneuvers by Hattori, such as "the flying squirrel", "the gecko", "the time freeze", and "the cicada". Gradually, the two form a bond of camaraderie and friendship that transcend their age difference and master-and-servant relationship.

"It looks more stupid to give up without trying", is the advice Hattori gives to Ken-ichi who has developed the habit of shying away from new challenges. Slowly but surely, Ken-ichi begins to gain confidence, and even musters the courage to speak to a beautiful young woman, Midori (Rena Tanaka), whom he has long admired from a distance. Midori had lost her sight but is able to detect Hattori's presence near Ken-ichi through use of her other highly-tuned senses.

The crime investigation, meanwhile, turns on new evidence in the case. It seems that each of the victims did share a common trait: a tattoo resembling a family crest on the back of their hands. This has Detective Kashiwada convinced that it is the mark of the Koga Ninja clan.

Seeing Midori cooped up in her house every day, Ken-ichi invites her to join him and Hattori for a hike in the hills. As the three spend an enjoyable afternoon in the wilderness communing with nature, they stumble across a hidden Buddhist temple in near ruins. It turns out to be the secret lair of the very shadowy figure behind all the assaults in Tokyo. The darkness that emanates from this site now threatens to encompasses Kenichi and company, and imperil their lives.

Who is this dark figure? What is his true aim? Is Ken-ichi's teacher, Kemumaki, friend or foe? Hattori begins to find himself torn between his Ninja code and his friendship for Ken-ichi as he comes face to face with his ultimate decision and challenge. Will his Ninja skills be sufficient to save his lord, family and country? Hattori's final test must inevitably conclude with the greatest battle of his life.