It is estimated that 85% of a network administrator's time is spent rolling out the latest service packs, mapping drives, configuring folder redirections, configuring Internet connections, setting Microsoft Office paths, creating new Outlook profiles, deploying new printers, configuring proxy setting and tightening security policies. 
 ScriptLogic v6.05 uses a graphical user interface to simplify desktop administration, eliminate redundant tasks and reduce other time-consuming activities. Network administrators can manage Windows clients and applica-tions more efficiently, precisely choose settings to apply to computer or user and deliver the configuration for each user as they logon.
 By automating various redundant administrative activities, desktop mana-gement resources can be minimized by as much as 50%. Learn from the 2.5 million users worldwide who have benefited from ScriptLogic products and solutions.
 ScriptLogic v6.05 - is award-winning software you can use to manage your Windows-based desktops and applications more efficiently, thereby significantly reducing network administration costs. Best of all - you don't have to write or debug a single line of scripting code! 
 Using ScriptLogic's intuitive point-and-click Management Console, and exclusive Validation Logic technology, you can centrally configure and control virtually every user/computer setting (without visiting each one of them). ScriptLogic is the perfect complement for drive imaging programs like Ghost and Partition Magic. They provide the initial OS and application installation. ScriptLogic provides the necessary (and never ending) user-specific customi-zation during the logon process. 
 If you're still trying to develop universal logon scripts and manage your Windows XP, 2000, NT, Me, 98 and 95 desktops using batch files or other complex scripting languages, then it's time you get ScriptLogic -- the world’s best selling graphical logon script for Microsoft Networks!
Benefits for Users and Administrators: 
More Productive Users. - Personalized desktops — unique configurations of security policies, preferences, drive mappings, printers, Internet, and applica-tions settings - can be applied to PC's based on ScriptLogic's unique Validation Logic™, so everyone on the network has the familiar interface and set of resources they need, when and where they need them.
Simplified Administration. - By centralizing the process of desktop manage-ment & enabling remote troubleshooting & repair in many cases, ScriptLogic keeps users working with less intervention required by administrators. 
Reduced Costs. - ScriptLogic leverages our unique "Template Technology" and "Validation Logic" during the network logon process to reduce the number of menial management tasks and to eliminate redundant administra-tion so your staff can concentrate on more strategic activities and reduce your total cost of ownership. 
 The benefits of a centralized approach to connecting network resources and configuring the operating system and applications to use them, are instantly realized - whether your network consists of traditional clients, thin clients, or a mixture of both. 
 By automating various redundant administrative activities, ScriptLogic cuts costs by minimizing the time users and network administrators must devote to workstation management: users are more productive, and administrators are free to concentrate on more critical issues.
