Dynamic menus in an instant create professional, high-quality navbars &
Dhtml menus at the click of a button. Xara menu maker takes the mystery out
Of dynamic hierarchical menus and lets literally anyone create cool and
Clever dhtml menus with classic graphical navbars. All navbars and menus on
This site are created with menu maker. Menu maker key features... With just
A few clicks, you can create stylish navigation bars and professional menus
- And there's no artistic or technical skill required! menu maker makes it
So easy to add your navbars to your web page - even your granny could do
It. Menu maker includes over 300 top-quality graphical navbar designs which
Can be easily customized. Rollover states and dhtml menus can be added with
Ease. See the examples ┬╗* a quick and easy solution o menu maker is a
Dedicated tool for creating navbars and menus so there's no ui bloat! its
Clean and simple ui is so intuitive to use that even your grandmother could
Use it o creates dynamic navbars and menus in just a few clicks o all
Necessary javascript and html is automatically created for you o graphics
Are automatically optimized for the web to keep file sizes small o seamless
Integration with dreamweaver and frontpage so you can add and edit menu
Maker navbars from within these popular html editors. *
Professionally-designed fully-customizable navbar templates o all menu
Maker's navbar templates are designed by professional graphic artists o
Change color, texture, font, text, background and size with absolutely no
Loss of quality due to xara's world beating vector graphic engine o
Uniquely, buttons automatically stretch and shrink to fit your button text
O choose from vertical or horizontal navbar designs o customize in
Real-time so you can view changes instantly * create hierarchical dhtml
Menus o vertical or horizontal pop-out menus o add animated transitions o
Totally customizable: change colors, fonts, border and spacing o uniquely
Compact menu code produces small file sizes * great value for money o the
Cheapest professional solution around for navbars & menus o navbars & menus
Can be created for multiple sites with no extra payment o suitable for
Designers and webmasters