This is Star Trek Generations without Captain Kirk. It is a NEXT GENERATIONS movie now. Impossible? Nope.
How to get it? via RAPIDSHARE (probably via BITTORRENT and NEWSGROUPS).

original film name: Star Trek Generationslarge product photo
film studio name: Paramount
Date Original Film Was Released: 18 NOV 94
Date Edit Was Released: 16 MAY 06
Original Runtime: 118 min
New Runtime: 78 min
Amount of time Cut/Added:42 minutes cut, 2min added
Cuts removed/added/extended:

   1. added Picardâ??s family book intro from Generations specail edition
   2. removed the entire beginning including the Enterprise B scenes
   3. removed all Captain Kirk scenes in the Nexus and in the real world
   4. removed Picard scenes with Kirk as well as Picard scenes after he could not defeat Soren the first time
   5. removed Riker saying: â??that was the flight James T. Kirk died onâ??
   6. mirrored Kirk hitting Soren, because we needed a right hand to knock Soren down the hill.
   7. added special warp-out-of-Nexus effect (video and sound)
   8. removed end credits and created our own (the crew from Star Tek O.S. is not participating in our movie and there are many people who are worthy of saying thank you to)

DVD-Features:

   1. Languages: English, German, Spanish, French, Italian
   2. Subtitles: English, Spanish, Portugese, Swedish, Norwegian, Polish
   3. Trailer
   4. 3 Deleted Scenes (approx 40 mins)
   5. Animated Menus
   6. Scene Selection Menus
   7. Cover and Disk Art
   8. CBB Special

Conceptual improvements/advancements of edit over original: We do not hate Captain Kirk, but he spoiled this movie nevertheless. Although the beginnging is kind of nicely done, it is still not a worthy death for James T., so it had to be deleted. Our plan was to make this the first Next Generationâ??s movie, filling all the plot holes between the TV show and the movie â??First COntactâ??. It was dificult was to make up a story without Kirk that would work, and since we did not want Picard to fight Soren two times with bare hands, the 50 gigawatts force field had to knock him out. Our edition is an improvement over the original, if you like Next Generation and did not like Captain Kirk in this movie. 42 minutes of cut footage is a lot, but for the pace of the movie it was good. See for yourself.

Time needed for the edition
planning: about 10 years/ 2 weeks finally
editing: 3 days
sound editing: 2 days
trailer: 1 day
DVD layout and features: 2 days
persons involved: 5



You must own the original movie before downloading any FanEdited movie. We here at FanEdit.org respect the companyâ??s copyrights, and donâ??t want to infringe on any companyâ??s rights. Thank you, FE!


AWARDS:
	Winner of the May 2007 â??Fanedit of the Monthâ?? contest on fanedit.orgscoring in at 26% of all votes and winning against such cool fanedits as Hellblazer, Beyond the Ice and The Matrix Squared.
IMAGES 	  	 

