Assparade - Sativa Rose, Jenaveve Jolie, Nyomi, Candace & Kaiyalynn
`Futbol Follies` 
09.26.2005


Website description:

`Look at we got a here...a group of sexy ass sporty chicks showing off the round booties on a soccer field. While the boys got a pick-up game kicking the round one around for a while, Candace and Jenaveve put their nice juicy apple bottoms in a pair of tight shorts and put their tantalizing tits in a zebra striped referee uniform and became the two finest referees with the sexiest asses you have ever seen. The action got tense between the fellas when Preston fouled JT and the two sweet ass referees had to pull out his yellow card and punish the guys..wink-wink...with the meanest double dicked blow job you have ever seen. Jenaveve stuck her perfectly shaped round ass in the air and went down on Preston with a fury. While JT got his cock sucked from Candace, who couldn't stop touching her wet pussy while she was on his dick. The action got even wilder when Nyomi, Sativa, Kaiyalynn put their fine asses in the mix and started an all out orgy with Noah and Alex who had stop playing and just stared at the juicy asses that shook all across the field. All the fucking on the field was intense seeing those beautifully shaped bottoms getting fucked by rock hard cocks...reminded me why I'm such an ass worshiper. Nothing makes me happier than seeing an all out orgy especially when the girls have such great asses. The fucking was never ending the moans, groans and sound of ass slaps filled the field and finally the guys were able to cum all over the faces of these beautifully bottomed girls. This one definitely changed the game...Enjoy It.`

Conclusion:
Basically a lil`orgy on the pitch of an indoor soccer/football field.
Good fun.


File information:

Windows Media Video 8 
640x480 
30.00fps - 1016Kbps 
54 mins.




SCREENS:  
http://www.jam-hot.com/details.php?id=10996


For more nush-nush:  
http://thepiratebay.org/user/deirdre1987/







.
