Various Artists-Pebbles Vol.7-Chicago 2
Bit.256
Ripped.From original CD

The second volume of Pebbles that is devoted to Chicago is similar to its predecessor, Pebbles, Vol. 6. It includes an early recording by the Ides of March, who later changed their sound and scored a big hit with "Vehicle"; a track by Gary & the Knight Lites, who later became the American Breed; and numerous selections from obscure '60s garage bands with some connections to the Windy City. While some of these bands may have been influenced by Chicago blues, they seem to have been more influenced by the British Invasion, Bob Dylan, other '60s garage bands, and '50s rock & roll; indeed, the album features remakes of songs by the Who ("I Can't Explain"), the Rolling Stones ("The Spider & the Fly"), the Animals ("I'm Gonna Change" and "I'm Cryin'"), the New Colony Six ("At the River's Edge"), the Vectors ("It's Been a Day or Two"), the Hombres ("Let It All Hang Out"), and Huey "Piano" Smith & the Clowns ("High Blood Pressure"). As you may have guessed from the high number of cover versions, the bands on this compilation aren't strikingly original; this compilation, like Pebbles, Vol. 6, will appeal primarily to garage rock completists who are willing to forgive a few borrowed ideas in the pursuit of a good time. Note that "Ben Franklin's Almanac" by the Cryan Shames is not included on the CD even though it is included on the song list that's printed on the CD cover; the third song is actually "Come With Me" by the Boyz, which was incorrectly listed on the CD cover for Pebbles, Vol. 6.

http://cover6.cduniverse.com/PhantomArt/105094.jpg

 Song Title
1.	One Girl Man - The Lost Agency
2.	Take Me Back & Hold Me - The Foggy Notions
3.	Ben Franklin's Almanac - The Cryan Shames
4.	Little Girl - The Revelles
5.	I Can't Explain - Oscar & Majestics
6.	Every Day & Every Night - The Trolls
7.	Sugar Shack A Go Go - The Children Of Darkness
8.	High Blood Pressure - The Factory
9.	Spider & The Fly, The - Von Ruden
10.	I'll Keep Searching - The Ides Of March
11.	Take Me Back - Gary & Knight Lites
12.	Hanna - Bobby Brelyn
13.	I'm Gonna Change The World - The Commons, Ltd
14.	Echoes - Lord & The Flies
15.	What In The World - The Berries
16.	It's Been A Day Or Two - The Vectors
17.	I'm Cryin' - The Malibus
18.	Go Go Baby - The Cardinals
29.	Shame - Wet Paint
20.	At The River's Edge - Wet Paint
21.	I Still Care For You - Jimmy Null & The Iversions
22.	Time to Dream - The Lost Agency
23.	Let It All Hang Out - Barney Pip