Moby (born Richard Melville Hall on September 11, 1963, in Harlem, New York, and raised in Darien, Connecticut) is an American songwriter, musician and singer. Moby also serves as the name of his live band. After some limited success in the 1990s with techno music, his biggest success was his more mainstream album Play, released in 1999, which sold 10 million copies worldwide.[1] He continues to record and release music today.

Moby plays keyboard, guitar, bass guitar and drums. He took his nickname from the novel Moby-Dick, which was written by Herman Melville, his great-great grand uncle.[2] He has also released music under the names Voodoo Child, Barracuda, UHF, The Brotherhood, DJ Cake, Lopez, and Mindstorm. He has received a lot of attention for his political, environmental and religious beliefs. 

Go ? The Very Best of Moby is a compilation album by Moby, including one disc of hits and a second disc of remixes. The previously unreleased "New York, New York" featuring vocals by Debbie Harry, is also included in the release. Five different versions of Go ? The Very Best of Moby were released in different regions of the world. Each version contains different songs, based on the singles and their popularity in that region. All songs are edited versions of the album mixes, unless noted.

Two-disc deluxe editions: Two different versions of two-disc deluxe editions were made ? one for the United States, and also an international version to be sold in all other countries. In the United Kingdom, France, and South America, the deluxe international version was sold in addition to the single-disc versions listed above.

United States Version

 (Disc 1) 
"Natural Blues" 
"Go" (2006 Mix) 
"Porcelain" 
"We Are All Made of Stars" 
"Dream About Me" 
"New York, New York" 
featuring Debbie Harry 
"In This World" 
"South Side" 
"Beautiful" 
"Extreme Ways" 
"Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?" 
"In My Heart" (New Mix) 
"Honey" 
"Lift Me Up" (Album Mix) 
"Feeling So Real (Live Version) 
"God Moving over the Face of the Waters" 
 
 (Disc 2) 
"Bodyrock" (Olav Basoski's Da Hot Funk Da Freak Funk Remix) 
"Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?" (Ferry Corsten Remix) 
"Natural Blues" (Perfecto Dub) 
"South Side" (Pete Heller Park Lane Dub) 
"We Are All Made of Stars" (Timo Maas Vocal Remix) 
"Extreme Ways" (DJ Tiesto's Vocal Remix) 
"Jam for the Ladies" (Nevins Club Blaster Remix) 
"Lift Me Up" (Mylo Mix) 
"Raining Again" (Steve Angello's Vocal Mix) 
"Dream About Me" (Booka Shade Remix) 
"Slipping Away" (Axwell Vocal Mix) 

Released October 24, 2006 
Recorded 1992-2006 
Genre Techno, electronica, dance 
Length 2:18:37 (U.S. version) 
Label V2 / Mute 

Enjoy! and please seed..
Ekolb