02/07/92 Stockholm, Sweden
Koolkat Club
56 min
Camerawork: A
Image: B
Sound: B+

TVM release, upgrade (full audio show)
Sources:  
Video: 1st Gen VHS > Thomson VPH7090 > Dazzle DV Creator II > TMPGEnc > VCD 
Audio: Aiwa CM-30 > Sony WM-D6 > CDR > EAC > SHN > Cool Edit Pro > tooLame > TMPGEnc > VCD

For TVM : Video conversion : Paal T Breie (Original dub : unknown) 
Additional work : menus, chapters, re-dub, VCD authoring : Xavier Lages

 1. Wash
 2. Once
 3. Even Flow
 4. State of Love and Trust 
 5. Suggestion
 6. Alive
 7. Black
 8. Deep
 9. Jeremy
10. Why Go
11. Porch
12. Encore Break #1
13. Jam
14. Garden
15. Encore Break #2
16. Leash

Notes from Five Horizons Video Guide: Unlike most other European shows there was no stage diving, probably because there was barely enough room for the band on stage much less fans. After Even Flow Jeff chews out the soundman about the excess feedback, and again after Jeremy. Eddie tells the crowd, "take the low end out of the kick drum in American means we love you." :) Eddie sings part of Suggestion an an intro to Alive. Toward the end of Porch Mike gets really into the song and is slamming with Eddie while he's playing, then destroys Dave's drum kit with his guitar. The band leaves the stage and then Eddie comes back out to talk to the crowd while the roadies rebuild. The improvisation is a lot like Ted Nugent's Stranglehold, and Eddie makes up lyrics with a chorus of "I think I'll stay." At the end the taper leaves and goes into the club's kitchen for some reason, missing a song (Garden). When the taper returns the band is crunching out a few bars of Soundgarden's Outshined, then they go into a long, jammy version of Leash with Eddie helping Dave on drums and Mike ripping strings off his guitar. :) This vid is shot from the foot of the stage on Mike's side and is very close. The lighting sucked, however, so it's a little on the dark side.

Editing notes : Garden and the end of the jam were not on the original video, so I added still images and redubbed with the same audio source to get the full show.

Burning notes : These are NOT mpgs. These are cue/bin files, in order to keep menus and 
chapters working. To burn with Nero, open Nero, cancel the wizard if it pops up, go to "File" > "Burn image" and locate the files (if you don't see them, choose to view all types of files). Select the cue file and burn with Disc-at-Once mode. You may need to overburn this file.