This is H.B.M. Hermans' amazing book Memories of a Maverick - Andrija Puharich (1998) which presents a very detailed biography of Andrija Puharich, a leading pioneer in the study of human consciousness and cosmic awareness. Andrija (Henry Karl) Puharich was a visionary U.S. scientist, a medical doctor-turned-researcher extraordinaire. He was a man shrouded in mystery and controversy. Dr. Puharich researched and tested psychedelics long before Timothy Leary. His first book The Sacred Mushroom (1959) was a catalyst for many to enter this field of research and was followed in 1962 by Beyond Telepathy. On December 31st 1952, through an Indian teacher who was visiting the USA, dr. Puharich first made contact with The Nine, a group of high beings who have had a long and direct involvement with humanity?s evolution. In the early 70?s, dr. Puharich met and worked with the Israeli, Uri Geller, famous world-wide for his spoon bending demonstrations. Among the many projects that he undertook during his unusual career was to find a way to efficiently decompose water into clean-burning fuel. His motive in doing so was to preserve a healthy atmosphere. As a physician, he was well aware of the harmful effects of fossil fuel pollution. A rebel scientist, Puharich conducted scientific research of Nobel prize quality and published numerous scientific papers. During his final years he dedicated all his time developing countermeasures against the genetic damage of E.L.F. signals. He developed a comprehensive theory of the state of well being based on a central frequency of near-8Hz for the homeostatic control of cell division. He was probably the first to detail the scope for further research with dolphins involving novel electromagnetic mechanisms (including scalars), since then followed by top researchers worldwide. He described, on the basis of experimental research, an advanced theory of subatomic physics. He successfully conducted reversal of tumors with superoxide anions and ozone. Being considered too far out, or too ahead of his time, he was by then largely ignored by Academia and earlier colleagues. His passing in 1995 meant the loss of a quiet, sincere explorer of the reaches of human possibilities. 190 pages, some pictures. A must read for everyone.
