This is a famous comedy album from the 60s wherein actors bring classic Jewish jokes to life. The description below is from http://wm05.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&token=&sql=10:kifixq9aldse 

Review
Bob Booker was a master of the seemingly lost art of the sketch comedy album; he was one of the writers behind the smash hit Kennedy parody disc The First Family, and several years later he teamed up with George Foster to create You Don't Have To Be Jewish, a collection of blackout bits and extended one-liners which poked fun at the absurdities of American Jewish culture. Like The First Family, You Don't Have To Be Jewish was recorded in a studio with a live audience in attendance, as a cast of actors performed scripted material much in the manner of a radio play. While You Don't Have To Be Jewish wasn't going to win any awards for originality even in 1965 ? many of these jokes were already antiques by that point ? and some of this material sounds a bit less than P.C. in the 21st Century (especially the persistent presence of the Nagging Jewish Mother), for the most part the album is funny stuff and far too good-hearted to offend anyone. Booker and Foster had the good judgment to assemble a superb cast for this recording, and they transform what could have been ordinary Catskill shtick into something memorable; the performers include Lou Jacobi, Jack Gilford, Betty Walker and Joe Silver, and their expert timing and feel for their characters is impeccable. You Don't Have To Be Jewish is a fine sampling of classic Borscht Belt humor (blended with a bit of like-minded new material) performed by a top-notch cast, and like the title says, you don't have to be of the Semitic faith to enjoy it ? though it couldn't hurt. 

1. Call from Long Island - Arlene Golonka, Betty Walker 
2. Home from the Office - Lou Jacobi, Betty Walker 
3. Reading of the Will - Jack Gilford, Arlene Golonka, Lou Jacobi, Jackie Kannon, Betty Walker 
4. Diamond - Arlene Golonka, Betty Walker 
5. Quickies: The Astronaut/The School/The Confession - Jack Gilford, Arlene Golonka, Lou Jacobi, Jackie Kannon, Bob McFadden, Betty Walker 
6. Jury - Frank Gallop, Arlene Golonka, Lou Jacobi, Betty Walker 
7. Presidents - Jack Gilford, Bob McFadden, Joe Silver 
8. Cocktail Party - Frank Gallop, Lou Jacobi 
9. Final Discussion - Lou Jacobi, Betty Walker 
10. More Quickies: Cry for Help/Panic/Two Husbands - Frank Gallop, Lou Jacobi, Jackie Kannon, Betty Walker 
11. Convicts - Jack Gilford, Jackie Kannon, Bob McFadden, Joe Silver 
12. Housewarming - Jack Gilford, Arlene Golonka, Betty Walker 
13. Luncheon - Arlene Golonka, Betty Walker 
14. Still More Quickies: The Storm/The Newspaper Reporter/The Home Remedy - Frank Gallop, Jack Gilford, Lou Jacobi, Jackie Kannon, Betty Walker 
15. Conversation in the Hotel Lobby - Lou Jacobi, Betty Walker 
16. Agony and the Ecstasy - Arlene Golonka, Betty Walker 
17. My Son, The Captain - Lou Jacobi, Jackie Kannon, Betty Walker 
18. Secret Agent, James Bondstein - Frank Gallop, Jack Gilford, Lou Jacobi, Jackie Kannon, Joe Silver, Betty Walker 
19. Enough Already with the Quickies: Dinner/The Elevator/Classified Ad, Is - Jack Gilford, Arlene Golonka, Jackie Kannon, Betty Walker 
20. Goldstein - Frank Gallop, Jack Gilford, Joe Silver 
21. Would You Believe It? - Phil Leeds 
22. Hobby - Lou Jacobi, Phil Leeds 
23. My Husband, The Monster - Bob McFadden, Betty Walker 
24. Ballad of Irving - Frank Gallop 
25. Shoe Repair Shop - Frank Gallop, Anthony Holland 
26. Divorce, Kosher Style - Frank Gallop, Betty Walker 
27. Voyage to the Bottom of the Sea - Anthony Holland, Lou Jacobi, Bob McFadden 
28. Things Might Have Been Different - Frank Gallop, Valerie Harper, Anthony Holland, Lou Jacobi, Betty Walker 
29. Call from Greenwich Village - Valerie Harper, Betty Walker 
30. Great Bank Robbery - Lou Jacobi, Phil Leeds 
31. Discussion in the Airplane - Valerie Harper, Phil Leeds, Betty Walker 
32. Miami Beach - Lou Jacobi, Phil Leeds 
33. Schtick: The Traveler/The Panhandler/The Cemetery - Frank Gallop, Valerie Harper, Lou Jacobi, Betty Walker 
34. Kidnapping - Lou Jacobi 
35. Bar Mitzvah - Anthony Holland, Lou Jacobi, Phil Leeds, Bob McFadden, Betty Walker 
36. When You're in Love the Whole World Is Jewish - Lou Jacobi 

