Typ: retail
Gatunek: Elektroniczna
Rok wydania: July 13, 1999
Jakosc: MP3@128/stereo/44100 Hz
Okladki: nie

Spis utworow: 

01. D2 - Johannes Heil & Heiko Laux 	
02. Anjua (Sneaky 3) - K.A.B. 	
03. When the Funk Hits the Fan - Sylk 130  	 	
04. What's the Time, Mr. Templar? - J Dahlback 	
05. Vol. 1 - Care Company 	
06. Political Prisoner - Tony Montana 	
07. Pop Kulture - DJ Dozia 	
08. K-Mart Shopping - Merio's Dubwork Meets Kathy Lee 	
09. Lovelee Dae [Eight Miles High Mix] - Blaze 	
10. Sweat - Stacey Pullen 	
11. Silver - Christian Smith & John Selway 	
12. Untitled - Wink 
13. Boom Box - Sound Associates 	
14. Track 2 - Percy X

In the liner notes of his album, Josh Wink explains the importance of mix tapes in his life, as an educational tool and learning experience of new forms of music. As his audience, he now tries to make mix tapes to achieve, "musical diversity...and to hear what's going on in the DJ's head." Apparently, Wink has been thinking about dark, often minimal house music, and a flawless mix, even if it costs that diversity he so values.

Have no doubt that this is a professional production; the mixing is tight and unnoticeable, and most songs have been reworked to fit the aesthetic he strives for. The sound, while dark, minimal and mostly devoid of vocals, is still lively and engaging, a crafty paradox that makes this disc so successful. Meaning, for every percolating track like, "What's the time, Mr. Templar," you get the flitting chimes of "Vol. 1" by Care Company. When the album hits a bit of a drone in the middle (track 7's "Pop Culture") it quickly follows with the fly-girl attitude fun of "K-mart Shopping."

Yet striving for sound purity and technical quality does come with a trade-off, as seen most recently by the trance parallel piece, John Digweed's Global Underground 014: Hong Kong. By choosing form, the function of music is compromised. It's dance music that's more engaging than exciting.

All that said, it's still a remarkable piece that holds to its vision and forges a new sound; it just prefers to be dance art rather than dance music. 

