This is Howard Johnson's amazing book The Secret World of Magnets (2006) which documents the work of Howard Johnson, father of the breakthrough science called spintronics or the research of nonlinear vortex-like magnetic fields which strongly ressemble how our DNA looks like. Originally published in 1970 as Discovering Magnetism, this updated edition brings together some of the most fascinating research done of some of the almost completely unknown phenomena which occur when using nonlinear magnetic fields. Johnson has built many novel linear and rotary motors and at least one self-powering magnetic rotary device. He uses a bidirectional "two particle" theory of magnetic flux lines and utilizes controlled spin-waves and self-initiated precise exchange forces, which are known to momentarily produce bursts of very strong forcefields.  His approach is to use highly nonlinear assemblies of magnets which initiate the foregoing phenomena at very precise points in the rotation cycle.  In short, he seeks to produce precisely located and directed sudden magnetic forces, using self-initiated nonlinear magnetic phenomena. This is analogous to what the Wankel engine did using the Lenz law effect by sharply interrupting a weak current in a external coil. Howard Johnson was working in the field that is now known as "spintronics" long before it was "officially" recognized.  There are over 200 magnetic effects, and only around half of them are understood. If you want to expand your knowledge about magnets and how they can produce the most wondrous effects when in nonlinear mode, be sure to read this short but fascinating book. 45 pages, many pictures. A must read from everyone.

From the last page of the book:
As shown in our new book, we have found a way to shade the poles of permanent magnets, a way to make north poles attract north poles and reject south poles, a way to increase spin intensity and magnetic thrust, and a way to use the transfer forces to accelerate masses. The resulting motor does not destroy its energy source. It is a reusable atomic source that is available world wide. In biology, the discovery of the double helix and the genetic code has provided a tremendous fund of information. In our case we have discovered a similar situation where we have the double vortex that occurs in all permanent magnet configurations. The exploration of the genetic code by biologists with  extensive government funding has begun. We have just started the exploration of the double vortex and the magnetic code, but the fallout thus far has been extremely rewarding. Note in the pictures, the mapped spins, the pictures of north poles attracting north poles and rejecting south poles, and the thrust developed by these units without any outside energy contribution.

More info: http://cheniere.org/books/HoJo/index.html
