The Tone Rebellion (c) Logic Factory
by TeamRPG
[CloneCD]

Here is a short description from the NFO::---------------------------------------

 What is Leviathan - The Tone Rebellion :
 This game is using almost all main genres. It has the Action the Strategic idea and the level advancing and building of your characters. Although this is not anything you will find everyday no no no this is something you find quite different than others. No matter what the information pages say. You will be on the lead of entire Alien race, floaters which fight to get The tone. Tone is the life energy for the floater world and you have to get it. It is used against a malevolent alien presence called Leviathans in a world of floating islands. This game features all the way new Real-time Strategy type of gameplay and also kinda like Unit based meaning single unit-based actions of its time.
 There are lots of puzzles in the game you will have to solve which increase the gameplay hours and well some of them are also quite tricky ones. About roleplay elements yes your characters develop and has individual uses.
 
 [Group Nones]
 Hello everyone there hungry to pieces of gold vanished from history.
 Here is again one of the pieces which literally has no shares and it is no where to be found. Vanished from our future generations. Well, NOT if Team RPG has anything to say about it!
 We do not gather credit, do not make money out of this in anyway nor profit from this in anyway, but we will not see the pieces of history vanish to air and we will do everything to prevent that. Thanks to everyones help on last releases they have gone excellent and people should be proud that those are ones again on common knowledge to world.
 YOU!! Yeah YOU there!!! You can help us by providing us a source to anyplace in network. This will give us more chance that this piece will survive and not vanish again!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
It took me a few weeks to download this rare game from the insanely slow eD2K network, so PLEASE SEED IT