Check out www.head-shot.biz for more information. Please donate 
or buy our music. Help get us spotted in the media. We have the 
potential to become very big as a band, but the music industry is to 
afraid to let us play any gigs any where anymore or be on the radio. 
We have played for Amnesty International and are greatful to play 
at any protest rally or gig agianst Bush and his thugs and the 
corporations, secret societies who are responsible for the current 
evil in this world!

We are the orginal Headshot band in Holland/The Netherlands. There are other bands called Headshot, but some have used our logos and ideas. We do need legal advise how we can stop them using our logos for themselves, we have not yert have the time to get around at finishing that job.

 We are being attacked by The Illuminati who wants us to shut up 
so that we will be unable to eduacate the youth about standing  up 
and fighting for their right! Power to the people!

If you have watched our videos, please send the video "Mr 
President" to George Bush. The song is for him, he should be very 
pleased once the video will make it to the mainstream press.

Dj Chronic is the man who is writing a book called "The 
Gatekeepers". It will be released later this year. The book is an 
experimental fact/fiction book. In the book there are true things 
written about his life e.g.: 
- his mother met Lee Oswald on a boat to America before he was 
famous. Lee Oswald was innocent, he was a patsie! 
- his mother's friend and her son where neighbours with Bin Laden 
back in 1991 in Sudan.
- he had many contacts with people in the intelligence, terrorists 
and mafia.
- he knew 911 was going to happen through his instinct (Spiritual) 
and intelligence (Facts) 
- he has a planned meeting with the top of The Illuminati next year 
in 2006. (They want to offer him something that would be hard to 
refuse. He knows he will not take the offer because he has taken 
the side of The Divine Presence in The Universe. He believes 
something big is going to happen in 2012 just like many prophecies 
predict. www.mayanmajix.com
- he has contact with many spirits and entities from other 
dimensions.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Information about torrent:

Time: 4.58
Number of files: 1
Video codec: wmv
Audio codec: wmv
Resolution: 480 x 360
Ripper/Encoder: Sorenson
Source: DVD