Why Should I use WinXP Manager?
Wouldn't you like to Use Windows XP! Windows XP  is the most advanced Windows Operating System for home users and professionals alike. But is your Windows XP' size Large? speed Slow? system Insecure? and Unfit to  your idea? Now it can be solved!

    WinXP Manager is the powerful software tool to tweak and optimize Windows XP, it bundles more than 26 different utilities in one and help your system faster and more stable, secure and personal!


Features and Benefits of WinXP Manager 
Information
Get detailed system and all hardware information on your system; show all detailed information of running processes and threads on your machine; WinXP Manager offers  optimization Wizard feature for the user without having any advanced knowledge.
  
Optimizer
Tweak your system to improve windows startup and shutdown speed; monitor and free your Physical Memory; tweak your hardware to increase system speed and performance; disable some unnecessary services which start with windows; repairs Internet Explorer and certain other System Components to restore these functions.
  
Cleaner
Find and clean junk, unnecessary wallpaper and screen saver files to increase Hard Disk space; Registry Cleaner can easily checks your registry and repair incorrectly linked registry entries, automatically remove invalid entries; smart uninstaller can uninstall and logoff installed programs neatly. 
  
Customization
Control what is started on Windows startup; edit context menus of mouse Right-Clicking; customize system desktop, menus, toolbar and notifications settings, change Windows logon background; change system icons; custom OEM information; automatically change your desktop wallpaper on background.
  
Security
You can improve desktop, menus, control panel, windows logon securities, and enable numerous hidden performance options of system, disable system updates and error reports; hide and restrict to access drives, specify which applications are not allowed to be executed on your computer; encrypt/decrypt and shred files, camouflage folder to hide its content from Windows explorer, change the location of system folders; Privacy Protector can maintain your personal privacy by eliminating the tracks that you leave behind; create lots of randomization password once.
  
Network
Optimize your Internet connection speed, manage all shares items, search for and find out opened ports on your system; Tweak your Internet Explorer easily; backup all data in Outlook Express; automatically check the invalid URLs in your favorites and parse domain name; Message Sender can easily send messages to others.
  
Misc. Utilities
Show the collection of Windows utilities; control your computer when you're not at home; apply XP visual style to any Windows applications; appoint logging on time of any account users.  

09/01/2005:
WinXP Manager 4.93.1 Released!
Adds restore file download dialog box.
Optimization Wizard updated to v2.1.
Desktop Cleaner updated to 1.1.
Perfects some functions.
Perfects Logging on time.


