Artist.....: VA
Album......: Weapons Of Mass Destruction
Genre......: Psychedelic
Label......: Manic Dragon Records
Catalogue..: MDREC-09
Url........: http://www.sonic-dragon.com/
Source.....: CDDA                            
Encoder....: Lame 3.97                        
Bitrate....: VBRkbps/44.1Khz                        
Mode.......: Joint-Stereo                        
Store.Date.: Oct-00-2007              
Rls.Date...: Oct-20-2007                  
Tracks.....: 10                              
Playtime...: 72:33 min              
Size.......: 107,3 MB                
Track List                            
Title                              Time  
01. Chemicalsp00n - Supernatural Encounter                [07:24]
02. Ocelot - Theater Of The Mind                          [06:51]
03. Fractal Cowboys - The Mantra Song                      [06:47]
04. Kerosene Club - Wastelands                            [07:28]
05. Kalilaskov AS - Project Pluton                        [06:18]
06. Polyphonia - Sound Impact                              [07:43]
07. Baba Jelly - With The Service Of Satan                [07:02]
08. Attoya - Scream Project                                [07:32]
09. Datakult - Organised Chaos                            [08:47]
10. Arsenic - Micronoise                                  [06:41]
Release Notes 
Since the Renaissance or perhaps even much
earlier somewhere else, there has been a
strong intricate relationship between Art
(Visual, Music, and Literature), Politics,
Culture and Religion. Many great arts came
out of rough times throughout history when
artists were heavily influenced and inspired
by the surrounding situation. It is human
nature to express their feelings and reflect
their ideologies through actions. Artists
paint and sculpt to express, musicians make
music, and writers write stories. Even
partying is a form of expression, especially
for the psytrance scene where party becomes a
ritual.
Recent history tells us that oppression leads
to revolution. When people become too
oppressed they change. We are living in a
high-tech super-information age; everyone is
overexposed to information either directly or
indirectly. It does not matter if you live in
the city or countryside; there is no escape
in our daily life. Media becomes the
super-powerful weapon that can hit and
penetrate any age and culture group, the
master of media can possibly control the
world and leave a great impact on humanity.
Presidential election, war coverage, reality
TV and infomercial: are they the sugar coated
propaganda force feeding the uninitiated
public? Fear and intolerance levels are
rising; stability and comfort levels are
decreasing, what causes that? Is the world
ruled by greedy egotistic maniacs?
Our time is getting darker and darker; we are
reaching the threshold crossover to another
era. Perhaps a huge explosion would be the
remedy for our rotting race. Like a gigantic
alarm clock to wake up the sleeping souls to
re-enter the hosts to revive our
consciousness to relearn the true meaning of
life. May be we are like the phoenix; we must
die in order to be born again.
Fried Babas have carefully chosen 10 special
weapons (special alarm clocks) created by
artists from different corners of the world.
Each weapon will lead you into the darkest
realms, conjure the most fearful demons to
demolish your egos and wipe out your inner
universe. We aim to destroy everything and
anything you know. Hopefully when you come
back to your senses again you will have many
questions that need to be answered.
Important Notice      
