this is really a rare version , probably the only unrar and play online or
offline version available, i know some days older as others, but its worth!.



>>> no install-online and offline playable-single and multiplayer version <<<



The One Eyed Dude

delivers you with

..:: Turok 2 - Seeds of Evil >RARE< -.direct.play!.- ::..




:. ripped .:

a few movies...




:. About.:

The story so far: The Campaigner is dead. (Remember, you killed him in Turok 1 
hopefully without the help of a cheat code). A long, long time ago, a spaceship 
crashed on Earth. Its cargo, an army of alien warriors headed by the nastiest 
villain yet, Primagen. Although he is trapped inside his ship, Primagen manages
to send out his army of creatures and and turns dinosaurs into deadly killing machines. 
Like its predecessor, Turok 2 is a first-person shooter based on Acclaim's comic-book 
series -- but with less emphasis on jumping and more on action and exploration than 
Turok 1. This time around, it also will be necessary to go back into certain levels look 
for more items (Talismans) and open up new passages, making for a better, less 
linear adventure.



***As this game was made for the 3dfx glory days you may get a message 
   failed to launch as > glide3xdll < was not found. Just click ok and the 
   game still starts and plays no worries.





:.Install.:

1.: Unrar to any Place you want! ...

4.: double click > Turok2English.exe for single player <

3.: double click > Click on Turok2MP.exe for multiplayer <

(Yes people still play this online so you have some fun.)




:. release note .:


i know its abit older, but its a rar online playable game 
thats the reason for upload!.

just unrar play!. besides this there are many people which 
didnt even saw or played this.

just thought to let ya know about the release reason!.
and read the readmefile included to know were you can get 
the latest updates , this game is still getting support!.



NOTE #2:

check www.xxxxxx.com for patches and upgrades.
  
They are still continue to work at making Turok 2
a great gaming experience.




-ToeD