FORMAT: DVD5 Full DVD
SYSTEM: PAL
LANGUAGES: 2.0: Spanish, English
SUBS: Spanish, English
ASPECT RATIO: 4:3

Genre: Documentary
Production Year: 2003 BBC
Country: United Kingdom.
Length: 50 min.



This production is the most nearby representation of the life of a herd of elephants. For one year, we follow the progress of a family and observe how it faces to the misadventures and to the epochs of fullness.

The elephants show many similarities with the human beings - time of life, social structure, wisdom and emotional links-. This does that they connect narrower with us. Using the most advanced technology, we capture extraordinary images of the behavior of the elephants and of its intelligence. Every event covers with diverse cameras, which are crafty camouflaged as if they were a manure in order that they form a part of the herd.

The cameras interact with the elephants. They take images while they are dragged and even struck by them, as if they were a ball of football. But also they reveal the sensitivity of the life of these animals of a way full of humor.



Esta superproduccion es la representaciĂłn mas cercana de la vida de una manada de elefantes. Durante un aĂąo, seguimos el progreso de una familia y observamos cĂłmo hace frente a los contratiempos y a las ĂŠpocas de plenitud.

Los elefantes muestran muchas similitudes con los humanos â??tiempo de vida, estructura social, sabiduria y vinculos emocionales-. Esto hace que conecten mas estrechamente con nosotros. Utilizando la tecnologia mas avanzada, capturamos imagenes extraordinarias del comportamiento de los elefantes y de su inteligencia. Cada acontecimiento se cubre con diversas camaras, que son astutamente camufladas como si fueran estiercol para que formen parte de la manada.

Las camaras interactuan con los elefantes. Toman imagenes mientras son arrastradas e incluso golpeadas por ellos, como si fueran un balĂłn de futbol. Pero tambien revelan la delicadeza de la vida de estos animales de una manera llena de humor.
	 
		