George R. R. Martin?s A Game of Thrones ? A Song of Ice and Fire Book 1.

This is the audio of the first book in the Song of Ice and Fire series by George R. R. Martin.

Unabridged ? running time is approximately 34 hours, read by Roy Dotrice. 

The download is rather large but the audio is good quality, I?ve formatted the files in-order into chapters.

Please be patient with initial seeding as I have terribly slow upload speed (~10kB/s ? it will take about 24hours for me to seed the first copy).



For those who don?t already know:

?From a master of contemporary fantasy comes a novel of imaginative power unlike any you?ve ever heard before. In A Game of Throne, George R. R. Martin has created a genuine masterpiece, bringing together the best the genre has to offer. Mystery, intrigue, romance, and adventure fill the pages of this magnificent saga, the first volume in an epic series sure to delight fantasy fans everywhere.

Long ago, in a time forgotten, a preternatural event threw the seasons out of balance. In a land where summers can last decades and winter a lifetime, trouble is brewing. The cold is returning, and in the frozen wastes to the north of Winterfell, sinister forces are massing beyond the kingdom?s protective Wall. To the south, the king?s powers are failing ? his most trusted adviser dead under mysterious circumstances and his enemies emerging from the shadows of the throne. At the center of the conflict lie the Starks of Winterfell, a family as harsh and unyielding as the frozen land they were born to. Now Lord Eddard Stark is reluctantly summoned to serve as the king?s new Hand, an appointment that threatens to sunder not only his family but the kingdom itself.

Sweeping from a harsh land of cold to a summertime kingdom of epicurean plenty, A Game of Thrones tells a tale of lords and ladies, soldiers and sorcerers, assassins and bastards, who come together in a time of grim omens. Here an enigmatic band of warriors bear swords of no human metal; a tribe of fierce wildings carry men off into madness; a cruel young dragon prince barters his sister to win back his throne; a child is lost in the twilight between life and death; and a determined women undertakes a treacherous journey to protect all she holds dear. Amid plots and counterplots, tragedy and betrayal, victory and terror, allies and enemies, the fate of the Starks hangs perilously in the balance, as each side endeavors to win the deadliest of conflicts: the game of thrones.

Unparalleled in scope and execution, A game of Thrones is one of those rare listening experiences that catches you up from the opening lines, won?t let you go until the end, and leaves you yearning for more.? 
