re-seed from elsewhere

The Residents
"19 Mysterious Tracks"
Unreleased Studio Recordings From 1969, 1980, 1983(?)

Source: Master Tapes --> ? --> CD-R --> Nero Wav Editor FLAC conversion

The Players: The Residents, Snakefinger, Renaldo & The Loaf

Tracklist:
01 - I Hear Ya Got Religion
02 - I Hear Ya Got Religion
03 - Outtake
04 - Bach Is Dead
05 - Die In Terror
06 - The Talk Of Creatures
07 - Love Leaks Out
08 - Give It To Someone Else
09 - The Letter
10 - Bach Is Dead
11 - The Letter
12 - The Festival Of Death 1
13 - The Festival Of Death 2
14 - Diskomo
15 - Walter Westinghouse
16 - Woman's Weapon
17 - Monkey And Bunny
18 - Instrumental
19 - Instrumental


Info:

   Here's an interesting collection of tracks.  The first two are unreleased performances of "I Hear Ya Got Religion," recorded in 1969, and the third snippet is from those same sessions.  Fans of this song will enjoy hearing these extended jams.  The Residents having a jam session??  Who would've guessed!  Wild saxaphone solos abound.

   Tracks 4 through 15 were recorded live in the studio, 1980, as rehearsals for a tour which never happened.  Various takes from those rehearsals were released on the album "Assorted Secrets," but all the takes offered here are UNRELEASED.  None of these particular performances have been issued, they are all unique versions, many with different arrangements and instruments.  Fans will also be delighted to note several songs which never made it to "Assorted Secrets" in any form, such as "The Talk Of Creatures," "Love Leaks Out," and "Walter Westinghouse".

   Tracks 16-19 seem to be demos from the "Title In Limbo" collaboration with Renaldo & The Loaf.  An early version of "Woman's Weapon" and a very different version of "Monkey And Bunny," as well as two instrumental tracks which, as far as I can tell, have never seen the light of day in any form.

   I received this on a CD, and it has obviously been mastered from a somewhat noisy cassette dub.  The CD itself had two-second pauses at the end of each track, which I removed for aesthetic reasons.  Fans of the "Assorted Secrets" rehearsals will love these additional performances to augment their collection, and the recordings even feature false starts, studio banter, and little improvisations which paint a more intimate picture of the Residents in the studio.

   Finally, I have designed CD artwork, a cover and traycard, for you to print out and assemble when you add this to your collection.

   Enjoy!!!