c) Ahead

supplier.: TEAM EMBRACE     date.......: 21, nov 2oo7
cracker..: TEAM EMBRACE     size.......: 1 disk/5.00 MB
tester...: TEAM EMBRACE     OS.........: WinAll
packer...: TEAM EMBRACE     language...: English
type.......: Burning
protection.: Custom
release....: Keymaker.Only

PROGRAM INFO

Nero    8,    the  newest  version  of  the  world's
best-selling  multimedia  suite,  brings the digital
world  to  your  PC.  Now  it's easy to organize and
manage  all your multimedia files, as well as create
and  edit  new  digital content. Nero's sleek design
and user-friendly tools make completing projects fun
and enjoyable.
Nero 8 Startsmart

Direct access to all features from the
project launcher
High Definition format support
Xbox 360T and PlayStationr 3 streaming
features
Blu-ray Disc and HD DVD burning support
SecurDisc data protection support
Copy a disc with just one click
Graphics optimized for WindowsVistar
Continual free updates

Nero  StartSmart  makes  creating  projects  fun and
simple
Nero  StartSmart  8 - One-Click Project LauncherNero
StartSmart,  the  project  launcher for Nero 8, lets
you  directly  access features and perform one-click
functions.  The  intuitive  interface makes creating
and  managing  digital  projects easy and enjoyable.
Optimized   for   use   with   WindowsVistar,   Nero
StartSmart even has an integrated newsfeed system.

Nero  8 is the solution for your multimedia projects
Nero  Vision  5  - Video Editing and AuthoringNero 8
has the tools to help you handle all your multimedia
projects.  Whether  you  plan  to create a music mix
with  MP3  files,  edit  vacation  videos,  touch up
digital  photos,  make  a  slide  show,  or  convert
content  to  play  on  a mobile device, your results
will be professional and dynamic.

Nero  8  takes  home  entertainment around the house
Nero  Home  3  - Media Management SystemOrganize and
manage  all  your  multimedia files with Nero's home
media  center. Nero 8 lets you use your Xbox 360T or
PlayStationr  3  to  stream  High  Definition  video
content  and  surround sound audio files to enjoy in
the comfort of any room in your house.

Nero    8    offers    increased    data    security
SecurDisc  Viewer - View SecurDisc protected filesNo
more  worries  over  losing data Nero 8 has back up
features that let you rest easy knowing your data is
safe in case of a complete system crash or a damaged
disc.  Recover  your  data  quickly  and  easily and
create  discs that are password protected. SecurDisc
technology gives you peace of mind.

RELEASE INFO

Use the included keymaker to register ...

greetings to ACME :p

NEWS

5000 releases and still going strong

EMBRACE  has  been around since october 2000, and most
of  its members for much longer. We exist to serve the
scene  with  quality  releases,  and to help the scene
maintain  some vestige of its former self.

5000 fully working releases, and we're still dedicated
to what  we do best,  bringing u  quality keygens,  in
style We've been around for over 6 years now,  and we
aren't planning on leaving anytime soon.

Times have changed since we  first started doing this,
and so have we,  but we're still here.  It is however,
time that  the scene  itself starts  embracing some of
this change aswell,  instead of  dwelling on the past.
Because of this,  we would like to ask  all our fellow
sceners to consider the following:

STOP FLOODING OUR SITES WITH CRAP    We have enforced
a 1-month MU  rule on our  own releases,  and we would
like  YOU  to follow our  lead.  Everyone is  tired of
releasing/testing/trading  the same releases over  and
over again, and it's up to us  to change this. There
are plenty of uncracked, useful applications out there,
begging for some attention.  So stop wasting your time
on crap just because it updates a lot and it serves in
boosting  the number of  releases your group does.  We
know  that we've done  similar things in the past,  as
most groups, but this doesnt dismiss the truth in this
message, its never too late to change.

In  light of  this same issue,  we would also  like to
encourage  everyone to  TEST  your  releases We spend
a lot of time to make sure everything we pre  WORKS,
and so should you Remember, WE ARE the SCENE and we
SHOULD enforce some standards on ourselves

You don't agree?  Fine,  we'll keep doing what we feel
is  right anyway,  and the  end-user  can continue  to
expect quality over quantity from us.

As a final note,  I would like  to send out  greetings
to all our  past and present  members for  making this
group of ours what it is. I love you all

-(e)-
"once you've tried it, you'll never want anything else"

EMBRACE does this for fun, not for profit.

DISCLAIMER

D  I  S  C  L  A  I  M  E  R

EMBRACE,  nor its members,  can be held  responsible
for anything they release.  If it is illegal in your
country (as it is in most), you  ARE NOT ALLOWED  to
use it, under any circumstances. We are in the scene
for the fun,  NOT to harm software developers.  Good
software deserves your respect, go buy it

Our  software is released "as is".  We are in no way
to be blamed for anything that happens to your pc if
you use this.  The author here by  disclaims all the
warranties  related to  this software,  expresed  or
implid, including damage to hardware/software and/or
any date from the user of this product.

Your use of this product  assumes that you have read
and accepted this disclaimer.