(Buena Vista Social Club)

Ibrahim Ferrer - Buenos Hermanos (2003)

The aptly titled Buenos Hermanos is Ibrahim Ferrer's fine follow-up to his gorgeous solo album (Buena Vista Social Club presents Ibrahim Ferrer, 1999) and enlists the talents of many good musical brothers. The Cubans, Cachaito Lopez and Chucho Valdes form the bedrock with bass and piano, Manuel Galban laces in electric guitar, Flaco Jimenez squeezes his accordion while The Blind Boys of Alabama's backing blends beautifully with Ferrer's boleros, ballads and sultry son tunes.

Under Ry Cooder's production, Buenos Hermanos is yet another example of how a personal passion and respect for the music guarantees great results. It also consolidates the world-wide revolution of Cuban son brought about by the now legendary multimillion-selling Buena Vista recordings which launched the septuagenarian singer internationally.

Ferrer's vocal credentials had been well established in the socialist world after a life time of grafting with some of Cuba's greats, among them Orquesta Ritmo Oriental, Beny More; and Pacho Alonsos Los Bucucos. But it was Juan Marcos Gonzalez, the Sierra Maestra / Afro-Cuban All-Stars' bandleader who enticed him from retirement when Ry Cooder craved an authentic bolero singer for the Buena Vista project.

Buenos Hermanos is a feast of boleros delivered with flair by Ferrer, who intuitively conjures up the elegance and languid energy of that post-war singing style. Yet his assured renditions are full of freshness, not least on classics like "Perfume de Gardenias" which features the surprising yet cosy crooning of the Blind Boys of Alabama. Jon Hassell's trumpet on "Fuiste Cruel" is subtly contemporary while the breezy Boliviana, a track originally written by Valdés back in the 70s, brightens the mix with a pop spin. Demetrio Muniz's orchestral arrangement on "Mil Congojas" is a luscious counterpoint to the gritty guitars of Cooder and Galbán.

One of my favourite tracks, "La Musica Cubana" was composed spontaneously in the studio by Ferrer and Chucho Valdes and just about sums up this splendid CD - eloquent, inventive and utterly life-affirming.

--by Maud Hand 
http://www.bbc.co.uk/music/release/hrw6/


Featuring

Manuel Galban, electric guitar
Ry Cooder, electric guitar
Orlando Cachaito Lopez, bass
Joachim Cooder, drums
Manuel "Anga" Diaz, congas, bongos, clave
Chucho Valdes, piano
Manuel Fonseca, piano
Manuel "Guajiro" Mirabal, trumpet
Richard Egues, flute
Flaco Jimenez, accordion
The Blind Boys of Alabama, vocals
Faustino Oramas "El Guayabero", tres
Jon Hassell, trumpet


Files:
01- Boquinene.mp3
02- Buenos hermanos.mp3
03- La musica cubana.mp3
04- Guaguanco callejero.mp3
05- Naufragio.mp3
06- Como el arrullo de palma.mp3
07- Perfume de gardenias.mp3
08- Mil congojas.mp3
09- Hay que entrarle a palos a ese.mp3
10- No tiene telarana.mp3
11- Fuiste cruel.mp3
12- Boliviana.mp3
13- Oye el consejo.mp3
Ibrahim Ferrer - Buenos Hermanos (back).jpg
Ibrahim Ferrer - Buenos Hermanos (front).jpg
release-notes.nfo

Album cover encoded in each track (Visible in iTunes, Winamp, others)
Format: MP3, CBR 320 Kbit/s, 44100, stereo. encoder LAME 3.97 --preset insane -m s

Enjoy and seed!

Pastafari 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari/
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster  
http://venganza.org
