Release: Movie Collector Pro v5.2.4 (c) 2007 Collectorz.com

    Date: 08/16/2007

    Cracked By: Twisted EndZ

    Release Type:
      [X] Registration/Serial Crack
      [ ] Activation Crack
      [ ] Trial Crack
      [ ] Server Check Crack
      [ ] Serial
      [ ] Hidden/Added Features Enabler
      [ ] Other

      [ ] Loader Patcher      [ ] Patch      [X] Precracked      [ ] RegFile
      [ ] Keygen

                         Ã?                             Ã?
       Ã?Â²Ã?              Ã?Â²Ã?                           Ã?Â²Ã?              Ã?Â²Ã?
     Ã?Â²Â²Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã? Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã? Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?                             Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã? Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã? Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Â²Â²Ã?
    Ã?Ã?Â²Â²Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã? Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?           RELEASE NOTES           Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã? Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Â²Â²Ã?Ã?
        Ã?Â²Ã?Ã?  Ã?Ã?Ã?    Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?                               Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?    Ã?Ã?Ã?  Ã?Ã?Â²Ã?
      Ã?  Ã?Â²Ã?Ã?  Ã?                                                 Ã?  Ã?Ã?Â²Ã?  Ã?
    Ã?Â²Â²Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?                                                         Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Ã?Â²Â²Ã?
     Ã?Ã?                                                                   Ã?Ã?

        Movie Collector is a program that helps you catalog your
        collection of DVDs, VHS tapes, laserdiscs, etc... This organizer
        software runs on Windows 95, 98, NT4, ME, XP and 2000. 


        Catalog your movie collection
        Adding items to the movie database is quick and easy, just type
        the movie title or scan the DVD barcode with your barcode
        scanner. Movie Collector will automatically download all data
        (director, producer, genre, studio, etc... including an actor
        list and the cover images). The information is retrieved from
        various movie database sites on the internet (like the Internet
        Movie Database, the Amazon DVD catalog or DVD Empire). 

        View and search the movie database
        Once you have added a number of DVDs to the inventory, you can
        view it on the main screen. It is possible to show a simple list
        of all movies, but you can also organize your collection by
        genre, director or actor, etc.. using the automatic folder
        feature. All lists can be sorted instantly, just by clicking the
        column headers or by using the Sort Order screen. You can sort on
        any field, e.g. alphabetically on title or label, or sorted on
        release date or purchase date. Use the Quick Search feature to
        find all movies that contain the word you type, or use the
        Advanced Filter command to search in specific fields, even
        multiple fields at once. 

        Print lists
        Lists of your movies can be printed in any way you want. The
        Print feature lets you choose which movies to print, which fields
        to show and in what order to list them. Printed lists are ideal
        for insurance purposes, or to take with you to the store. The Pro
        edition of this program also includes a number of templates for
        other nicely formatted print-outs. The flexible XML/XSL-based
        template system lets you create your own layouts too (requires
        XSL programming skills). Visit our Templates page to download
        templates created by other users. 

        Export your movie catalog (Pro edition only)
        Using the Export to HTML feature you can generate HTML pages of
        your movie inventory, for use on your homepage or website. You
        can create one index page listing all movies (with one row per
        movie), optionally linked to detail pages with one page per DVD. 
        If you want to be able to use your movie data in other programs,
        use the Export to XML or Export to Text functions. A special
        export feature is included to export your database for use in the
        ListPro software on your PDA (PocketPC or Palm). 

        Integrated Loan Manager (Pro edition only)
        The built-in Loan Management system allows you to keep track of
        DVDs you loan to friends, family, etc... Just log which DVD you
        loaned and to whom and you will always know where your missing
        DVDs are. 


        Use Movie Collector to:

        â?¢ Catalog DVDs without typing
        All data is downloaded to your movie database automatically

        â?¢ Instantly sort your lists
        On any field, e.g. alphabetically by title, director or genre, or
        by year

        â?¢ View DVD cover thumbnails
        Download cover images or use the built-in TWAIN scanner support

        â?¢ Search your movie database
        E.g. find a movie by title or all movies that Arnie plays in

        â?¢ Print movie lists
        Ideal for insurance purposes. Print any field selection and in
        any order

        â?¢ Export data to HTML lists
        Place your movie database on a website, including cover images

        â?¢ Track your loans
        Track who borrowed your DVDs, loan dates and due dates


        Whats New In v5.2.4?:

        Templates:
	- New CSS Styles system now also available for Export and Print
          templates
	- New Movie Collector 5 template can now also be used for
          printing
	- All Full Details Classic styles can now be used for Exporting
          to HTML

        Add Automatically:
        - DVD Empire: search results now include HD-DVD and BluRay
          releases
        - Gay DVD Empire" results are now sorted by (search) rank
        - All Amazon sources: the cover price is now retrieved and put
          into the purchase price field.

        Added:
        - Norwegian language support, thanks to Erlend Ã?fstaas

        Fixed:
        - Rare Access Violations after adding a new movie using the Add
          Wizard
        - Adding an episode to a disc reversed the modifications to the
          current disc
        - Manage List Screen: the auto resort checkbox sometimes appeared
          in the wrong location 
        - Lock File system: concurrent use check now includes Windows
          user name
        - Updated French language file to verison 5.2.3, thanks to
          Cyrille Maurice



        For More Info On Collectorz.com Movie Collector Pro Visit:
        http://www.collectorz.com/movie/
