As Canada?s premier magazine for the voice and data telecom industries, Network Cabling is dedicated to ensuring our readers get the information they need, when they need it. With a wide readership of information cabling contractors, installers, network administrators and IT end users, our editorial content is written by the industry, for the industry.

At Network Cabling, we know the information transport systems (ITS) industry is constantly changing and evolving. That?s why Network Cabling is also changing and evolving in 2007. Along with a new look and a new size, we?re sharpening our focus to bring our readers the latest on what?s happening in their industry.

Along with our top-notch editorial focus, each issue will also bring readers practical case studies showing them real-life solutions to solve their cabling issues. Our new technology features will bring them up-to-date on how technology is changing the ITS industry ? and how they can leverage that technology to let their businesses grow.

In addition to our features, we?ll be bringing our readers the extensive editorial content they?ve come to expect from Network Cabling: a deeper analysis of the issues that impact their businesses; departments on standards, fiber optics and testing and troubleshooting; strong and diverse opinions from North American industry experts; and practical application stories that get to the how and why of all types of cabling installation.

Throughout 2007, we?ll be presenting Network Cabling readers with the latest information on topics including: convergence, standards, fiber optics, test and measurement equipment, voice over IP, connectors, cabling, security and the emerging wireless industry. Through our experienced staff, roster of industry experts and close connections with BICSI, the premier association of the cabling industry, we?re connected to our readers, and through us, you can be connected too.

With the help of our editorial advisory board and our extensive contacts in the ITS industry, our more than 11,000 readers will keep and refer back to every issue of the year ? and your company can be a part of that. That?s why we encourage each and every one of you to work with us to deliver your company?s message.

Network Cabling is your connection to the Canadian networking and ITS industry. With our successful mix of advertising and editorial support, we know we can help you achieve your goal of increasing Canadian sales. We invite you to come and be a part of Network Cabling in 2007.



-LEGAL TORRENTS

Purpose:

create a balance, share the already free stuff,
public domain works, freeware, free music,
free ebooks, articles, manifestos, movie trailers, and more.

show the copyright owners that torrent
websites shouldn't bear the responsibility
of what their users upload, torrent websites
are very much similar to google..

users upload what they want to upload,
download what they want to download,
and search for what they want to search..

by creating this balance and sharing the already free
stuff, we hope to take the pressure of torrent websites..

