Copyright (c) 1996 - 2005 Kaspersky Lab

RELEASE NOTES

Kaspersky Internet Security 2006 (Prototype) build 6.0.9.96 (05.03.2005)


INTRODUCTION

1. Scope
	The Kaspersky Internet Security 2006 (Prototype) technological prototype 
represents a new generation platform for creating applications specifically 
designated for complex protection of personal computers and workstations.
	Uniting the substantially improved functional abilities of version 5.0 
Kaspersky Lab protection products with the latest technological innovations 
introduced by the company the Kaspersky Internet Security 2006 solution secures 
the most effective and complete protection of a computer from all sorts of 
electronic threats - malicious programs, hacker attacs and spam.

2. Main targets of this prototype:
	Functional solution improvements
	Testing of brand new technologies	
	Data and statistic collecting		
	Search of problematic configuration	
	User Interface improvements	


KEY FEATURES

1. Main new features, included in this prototype:

	Integrated Anti-Hacker component, consisting of 3 subsystems: IDS, 
Firewall, and Stealth Mode
	Integrated Anti-Spam component, which utilizes self-learning Bayes and 
Robinson-Fisher algorithms
	Proactive protection (the basic module for automatic detection of new 
threats)
	Proactive protection (restore of changes option)
	Real Fast Scan Mode
	New streamlined interface, with selectable skins
	Conception of states/advices helps understand overall protection status 
	Differences technology - reduction size of updates
	Component architecture – the option to choose components during the 
installation process
	Option to allow the user to remove competitor's products during the 
installation process	
	TheBat! mail client support (antivirus and antispam plug-ins)

2. Additional new features:

	Link to viruslist.com directly from the threat detection dialog box
	"system areas scanning" task
	Proactive protection (anti-worm - detects worm-peculiar activities)
	"Login Show" technology
	Internet Explorer plug-in
	Comprehensive list of the threats found
	Live and persistent reports: an ability of treatment in reports after 
product restart
	Simplified method of specifying which logical groups of threats to deal 
with without the need to specify each kind of threat manually
	Common list of exceptions with the option to define exceptions (a) by a 
path, a verdict or both, (b) by a concrete protection component
	The option to enable/disable the real-time protection by a schedule
	Simplified method of specifying which actions should be taken when a 
specific threat is detected
	An advanced report-by-object statistics for all protection components
	An advanced syntax of the command line utility
	The UI-to-Help links allowing the user to activate the corresponding UI 
elements using hyperlinks in the documentation.
	An ability to specify which objects to scan at startup
	

KNOWN BUGS AND LIMITATIONS (NOT IMPLEMENTED FUNCTIONALITY)

1. Main functionality planned for Beta:
	Anti-Spy component
	Parental Control component
	Rescue disk components (with treatment on NTFS)			
	Anti-Hacker statistics						
	Automatic Updates
	Outlook Express, Eudora plug-ins
	Self-Protection
	Own skinned balloons
	Advanced disinfection
	Skipping specific files or directories during the scan process
	Monitoring the Windows registry
	Product password protection
	The option to import and export all settings for the product
	IMAP and NNTP mail protocol support
	An integration of the AH and AV components for traffic checking in spite 
of which ports are actually specified for monitoring
	Chats and graphics which ensures more clear understanding of the product 
state and activity
	A special flash-movie explaining how to use the program
	A ScreenSaver which can perform scanning
	Sounds

2. Known bugs:
	Full list - 347; 10 high priority ones.

	on slow computers the "Your licence will expire in 0 days" message is 
shown
	the MS Outlook XP may crash at the first start after the KAV has been 
installed
	the outlook.exe process may fail to unload at MS Outlook shutting down 
when the [application] is running
	the my computer scanning process may hang when scanning mail databases
	a net resource, which requires authorization, is not added to the list 
of scan objects
	user interface prints invalid characters on the Russian NT 4
	in certain situations user interface elemets painting bugs are reported
	the "acquire proxy settings from IE" setting does not work in Windows 98
	skipping system reload after an AH component's bases update leads to 
exceptions in applying the settings 
	the help is not complete
	click on the "Test Connection" in the Updater settings take a very long 
time (up to 5 minutes) if "cannot establish conection" case

	other (see product forum - link in the bottom of the main window)


IN CASE OF EMERGENCY:

Q:	After the product is installed the OS fails to load.
A:	Restart your OS in the safe mode, remove the product. 
	Please, send us your feedback with description of the problem supplied 
your hardware/software computer configuration.

Q:	The OS throws the blue screen when the product is running
A:	Tune your OS to write debug dumps (for detail instructions, please see 
below); restart your OS and repeat the actions known to lead to the failure; 
please, send us your feedback with the memory.dmp (resided in the %WindowsRoot% 
directory) and minidump<datetime>.dmp (resided in the %WindowsRoot%/Minidump) 
attached.

Q:	The application fails at the start time, or when it is running.
A:	When the "Send feedback" dialog is displayed click the "Send report" 
button; describe the problem happened and attach the 
AVP.exe_6.0.9.95_hour.minute.second_processid_hosttype.dmp resided in the home 
directory of the product (by defalt - %Program files%/Kaspersky Lab/AVP6); set 
your OS to write debug dumps (see below) and repeat the steps known to lead to a 
failure and send feedback having the the 
AVP.exe_6.0.9.95_hour.minute.second_processid_hosttype.dmp file attached.

Q:	The application throws errors at the start-up time or when it is 
running.
A:	Switch on the option of the application to write debug logs (see below), 
repeat the steps leading to an error message and send your feedback with the 
description of hardware/software info and having  the 
AVP.exe_6.0.9.95_hour.minute.second_processid_hosttype.dmp file attached (the 
file resides in the program working directory)

Q:	An error in the application's settings, localization mistakes, mistakes 
in reports, etc.
A:	Set the option to write the application debug logs on (see below), 
repeat the steps lead to the error, send us a feendback about the error having 
the 6.0.9.95_hour.minute.second_processid_hosttype.dmp file attached resided in 
the working directory of the program; send us a postback with a description of a 
mistake in the program with hardware/software of your computer information 
supplied.


PERFOMING CERTAIN TASKS

1. 	How to send feedback.
	There are 2 ways to send feedback:

	 1) automatic sendings of wishes and error messages from the interface 
of a product (use "Send feedback" link in the left bottom part of the main 
window of the product)
		
	 2) send e-mail message to the kav2006@kaspersky.com address (we 
recommend to send responses on the given address, using the corresponding link 
in the top part 
	 of the "Services" tab of the program's main window as thus the file 
with the description of a hardware-software configuration of a computer will be 
automatically attached to the letter)

2.	How to make your OS write debug dumps.

	Concise description: 
		1) click right mouse button on My computer
		select Properties/Advanced 
		click "Setting" button in the "Startup and Recovery" group; 
		change value in the "Write debugging information" group to 
"Kernel memory dump".
		restart Windows.

	For details, please visit http://www.kaspersky.ru/faq?qid=156361377

3.	How to restart your computer in the safe mode.

	Consise description: 
		1) restart the computer (click the "Start" button, select the 
"shut down" menu item then select the "Restart" item in the combobox of a dialog 
displayed)
		2) at the very beginning of your computer restarting press F8 
until the menu is shown
		3) select the "Safe Mode" item in the menu
		4) after your finish your work in the safe mode you should 
simply restart your computer

		NB: in the case of Windows 2000 or Windows XP you should know 
the password of the Administrator

	For details, please visit http://www.kaspersky.ru/faq?qid=145282672, 
http://www.kaspersky.com/faq?qid=3606209
 
4.	How to check the operational capability of the program.

	Download the eicar.com test virus from 
ftp://ftp.kaspersky.com/utils/eicar/ and save it somewhere on your disk. 
	If the file anti-virus is running you will get a warning message.

5.	How to switch on the tracing functionality in the product.

	Create the "Trace" key under HKLMSoftwareKasperskyLabavp6 and restart 
the product. The product will automatically create the following sub-keys and 
values in the HKLMSoftwareKasperskyLabavp6TraceDefault sub-key:
		TraceFileEnable      = 0      // cFALSE
		TraceConsoleEnable   = 0      // cFALSE
		TraceDebugEnable     = 0      // cFALSE
		TraceUseDbgInfo      = 0      // cFALSE
		TraceFileMaxLevel    = 500    // prtNOTIFY
		TraceConsoleMaxLevel = 300    // prtERROR
		TraceDebugMaxLevel   = 400    // prtIMPORTANT
		TraceFileMinLevel    = 0      // prtMIN_TRACE_LEVEL
		TraceConsoleMinLevel = 0      // prtMIN_TRACE_LEVEL
		TraceDebugMinLevel   = 0      // prtMIN_TRACE_LEVEL

	Change the TraceFileEnable's value to 1. Restart the product once again. 
The product will create the 
AVP.exe_6.0.9.95_hour.minute.second_processid_hosttype.log file.
