Artist: Rain
Album: Stronger
Label: MTM
Style: Hard Rock
Grabber: EAC
Encoder: LAME
Quality: VBRkbps/44,1kHz
Reldate: 10-20-2006
Street: 11-10-2006
Songs: 11
Size: 72MB

Tracks:

01. Do you like it                                     
02. Insobriety                                         
03. Get over it                                       
04. Crazy                                              
05. Die for you                                        
06. Flesh and blood                                    
07. Let me be your favorite                            
08. The other side                                     
09. Deserve                                           
10. Right by your side                                
11. Lovesong

Line-Up:
Michael Bormann: Vox, Bass, Keyboards
Per Helge "Peppa" Bruvoll: Drums, Backingvox
Lars Forseth: Guitars, Backingvox
Tore Moren: Leadguitar, Backingvox

Release notes: RAIN was founded in 1997 as a result of a project started by Lars Forseth and Sonny Crow from the band Bankok Babes. They were soon joined by the Bangkok Babes drummer Per-Helge "Peppa" Bruvoll, and guitarist Tore Moren from Jorn, Arcturus and Carnivora among others. They looked around for a vocalist for some time without luck. Lars then went on a holiday to Rhodes to relax his soul. In the biggest live venue in Rhodes city, the Colorado Club, he saw and heard Michael Bormann (Jaded Heart, Bonfire, J.R. Blackmore, Zeno, etc.) perform some numbers that caught his im-mediate attention. The chemistry between Michael and the other guys was a sure thing from the first minute.

They were now joined by bass player Audun Norgaard. The boys had built up a strong set of own songs and cover songs, and was ready to meet the public.

The first gig they played together was at the legendary "Smuget" in Oslo in December 99. The following year RAIN played several concerts in the southern part of Norway and did studio recordings for the first album.

It was a busy time for all involved; Michael had his own band Jaded Heart, productions and other projects to take care of. Peppa was playing with different cover bands and went back and forth to USA to train as a commercial pilot. Tore, a renowned guitarist in Norway, was busy on multiple projects. Lars was writing songs for the forthcoming album with Sonny Crow, and Audun was keeping busy with his side project, Jet Surfers.

The band finally released their first album on the American label Kivel Records, titled "House of dreams", in 2002 and got great reviews.

Over the next two years they continued to play concerts in Norway and had several shows at Smuget in Oslo. Audun, the country soul that he is, decided in 2004 to leave RAIN and devote his time to his roots band Jet Surfers. RAIN was back to it's original four members; Michael Borman, Tore Moren, Lars Forseth and Peppa Bruvoll and has since then hired bass players when performing live sets.

In March 2005 they played "Rock the Boat" in Oslo with bands like Return and Stage Dolls.

The recordings for their second album took place in Michael Bormann's studio in Duisburg, Germany in 2005. The album is now being released by MTM MUSIC for the territory of Europe and in Japan by JVC/Victor. "Stronger" is a pure AOR Hardrock album and Michael Bormann continues with this great band where he stopped after the JADED HEART "IV" album.

Enjoy and please seed.