Son of Dracula (1943) + House of Dracula (1945)

-=Rip Info=- 

Ripper: Sodapop

Tools Used: DVDFab Decrypter

Movie: Untouched
Menus: Intact       

Extras: Intact

Compression % : 100% DVD-9 full DVD

Play Time: 80 min. (Son of Dracula) 
Play Time: 67 min. (House of Dracula)

Video CODEC: 

Frame Rate: PAL
Aspect Ratio: 1:33:1 Full Frame 
Resolution: 720x576

Audio Streams:  Español - Dolby Digital 2.0 Mono, Inglés - Dolby Digital 2.0 Mono. Italiano Dolby Digital 2.0 Mono

Subs:  Español, Inglés, Italiano, Portugués, Hrvatski

IMdB Link: Son fo Dracula http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0036376/?fr=c2l0ZT1kZnx0dD0xfGZiPXV8cG49MHxrdz0xfHE9U09OIE9GIERSQUNVTEF8ZnQ9MXxteD0yMHxsbT01MDB8Y289MXxodG1sPTF8bm09MQ__;fc=1;ft=20;fm=1
IMdB Link:House of Dracula http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0037793/?fr=c2l0ZT1kZnx0dD0xfGZiPXV8cG49MHxrdz0xfHE9aG91c2Ugb2YgZHJhY3VsYXxmdD0xfG14PTIwfGxtPTUwMHxjbz0xfGh0bWw9MXxubT0x;fc=1;ft=20 

Type/Genre...: Horror

Description: Son of Dracula is an American horror film released in 1943. It is the second sequel to Universal Studios' adaptation of Dracula.
The film stars Lon Chaney Jr. (declared miscast by critics) as Count Alucard,(spell it backwards) a mysterious stranger who, it is revealed, is actually either Count Dracula or a close relative. Despite the title, the film leaves is ambiguous as to whether Alucard is actually the same Dracula as portrayed by Bela Lugosi in 1931, or actually the character's son. The movie also features frequent Chaney co-star Evelyn Ankers.
The next film in the Dracula-related series, House of Frankenstein, would star John Carradine as the original Count Dracula.


Description:The film was in essence a sequel to the previous entry in the Universal Monsters series, House of Frankenstein, insofar as it continued the theme of combining Universal's three most popular monsters: Frankenstein Monster (played by Glenn Strange), Count Dracula (John Carradine) and The Wolf Man (Lon Chaney Jr.). However some elements of continuity from the previous film were dropped, such as the death of Dracula.

Dracula actually appears in a more-or-less self-contained vignette early in the film when he appears to be searching for a cure for his vampirism. The main plot, however, involves Lawrence Talbot seeking, once again, a cure for the curse that turns him into a werewolf. The Frankenstein Monster plays a minor role in this film, not actually going into action until the climactic finish, which results in Talbot finally being cured of his affliction, but The Monster once again seemingly destroyed.

Also appearing in the film is Jane Adams, whose character, Nina, is a hunchback and was thus billed as one of the monsters in the film. In fact, her character is portrayed sympathetically and the use of an attractive actress to play an otherwise misshapen individual is notable for the time.

House of Dracula is generally considered the finale of the classic Universal Monsters series, although the characters would appear again a few years later in the spoof Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein. Although Glenn Strange appears as The Monster in most of the film, during the finale footage of Chaney as The Monster from The Ghost of Frankenstein was recycled.