JOUJOUKA BLACK EYES
THE MASTER MUSICIANS OF JOUJOUKA	20 Jun 1995

One of the few legitimate recordings of the legendary Moroccan ensemble, recorded in Joujouka, 1994. This is a different sound from that usually expected of Joujouka. All the circular breathing techniques, drum and melody patterns are used but the sound is trancey, mellow and incredibly uplifiting.

One great moment is the incredible track called Brahim Jones JouJouka Very Stoned - written by their Master of Ceremonies Hamri in the praise of the last coming of Brian Jones...

\"Once a strange boy from the Greatest Rock\'n\'Roll band in the world visited Joujouka. He proved to be the catalyst for the ongoing interest in the music of the village. Hamri brought him there because he hoped something positive and serious would come from it from the Master Musicians and the village. Those adventures lead to the album \"Brian Jones Presents the Pipes of Pan at Joujouka\". The album is lasting testimony to a mass collaboration between a motley crew of deliquent artists: Bowles, Burroughs, Hamri, Gysin, Jones and the individual musicians of Joujouka.

Jones was honourable in his dealings with Joujouka but, in the years since his death, much that is dishonourable has been said, written and done. There has been the remorseless tokenism of \'World Music\'. There have been myriad attempts at cultural hegemony on the broad-spectrum \'Beat Generation\' scene. Many pseudo-hip figures with pristine international reputations have been shameful in their uncharacteristically discreet negotiations with Musicians on the mountain.

The rock remains. The music of Joujouka is still one of the most liberating of musics, a secret message to the soul at a time when the soul has been effectively discredited by conservative forces.

Hamri, the Painter of Morocco, believes that the world now needs the healing powers of The Master Musicians. The people of Joujouka share this belief. Their village, sublime in it\'s silence and tranquility, is by the way of sharp contrast with the post-modern cosmopolis. For sure, the world outside the village is a battered and tragic place where there is no respite from moribund philosophy or from an increasingly malevolent media/State interface. The time for the music of Joujouka has assurely arrived.\"