Infinite Crisis Series, 5 Mini-Series, 6 Specials

If you do not know what Infinite crisis is, try 
 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Infinite_Crisis

and  
 
http://comics.ign.com/articles/598/598330p1.html


This is just the core special issues.

There are of course a huge number of tie in issues leading up to, during and after the IC. With 52 immediately following on and now Countdown to FC in progress it really never finished. At least 500 issues more or less depending where you start and stop. I have seen divergent lists. You pretty much should just read everything published by DC from about 2004-now. I's easier that way. And of course you need to read Crisis on infinite Earths and all those tie ins to get the background for this. Of course to understand that properly you need to read a bunch of Silver age issues. And those had their roots in the Golden age.

I tell you what. Don't download this at all.  Just go pick up all the DC Chronologies from the Golden Age Pack One onward. try h33t.com.  Start reading. Long before you are done the DC Packs will have caught up with the present day. In fact you probably will never get this far at all because you'd have over 60 years of comics to read in those packs. That way you never have to worry about this at all. 

Wait, then why am I uploading this?  Because I was asked, I can, and sadly many of you don't want to live in the Gold and Silver Ages like me. You want to read this modern crap. :lol:  So have some, Have Some! :lol:

Kidding you know that right? Great stuff here I'm told. That's right I haven't read it. GOLD, SILVER, that's me!

Here what we have today.
Countdown to Infinite Crisis
Day of Vengeance Mini
Day of Vengeance-Infinite Crisis Special
OMAC Project Mini
The O.M.A.C. Project-Infinite Crisis Special
Prelude to Infinite Crisis
Rann-Thanagar War Mini
Rann-Thanagar War-Infinite Crisis Special
Return of Donna Troy
Villains United
Villains United-Infinite Crisis Special
Infinite Crisis Mini