So I ripped it from a PSX disc. Read the link about this game because I suck in describing things but it's a good game plus there're screenshots.

http://www.psxa2z.com/gpgs/BT0146.html

My description would be:

This is an RPG strategy game. You choose a ruler to lead an army which you use magic to create and fight other ruler. To your help you have some loyal knights that can fight along with you. To gain more knights you'll need to send some knights on a quest and they might find other knights or items or if you're unlycky an accident. As you fight you will gain experience and improve yourself.

NOTE:
This should work on any PC PSX emu, but I know for sure it works on PCSXbox. Just be sure to have a BIOS. Otherwise it will hang on startup. Also don't forget the cue file. Without it the audio tracks will squeek.

/Frezzno

Other games that I have and all works on the Xbox. Make request here if you want.

Alundra 1 and 2
Brigandine Grand Edition Jap
Bust a Groove 1 and 2
Crono Cross
Diablo
Digimon World
Final Fantasy VII
Legand of Dragoon
Legend of Mana
Lunar 2
R-Type Delta
Salamander DX
Star Ocean the 2nd Story



- PSX - PCSXBOX ------------------------------------------
Playing PSX games on xbox is not only cool, it's also fun
and pleasent. Sometimes it's even better than playing on a
real Playstation. That is if you got the game to actually
work, which seems to be a difficult task. Because of that
few will choose to play PSX on the Xbox and a game will be
hard to find, as it already is. The Xbox community is big
and by introducing the PSX there a dying race might rise
again, or at least not be forgotten. And others, both old
and new, will have a chance to enjoy what once ruled the
earth. Please help this community by putting this entire
tag in your torrent description along with details of
Pcsxbox configuration for the game. By having this tag a
game will surely work on the Xbox when making a search on
PCSXBOX. While making a simple search on PSX others can
enjoy it on other systems as well.

/Thanks for sharing.
----------------------------------------------------------