Hot Rocks 1964-1971 is the first compilation album of Rolling Stones music released by former manager Allen Klein's ABKCO Records (who usurped control of the band's Decca/London material in 1970) after the band's departure from Decca and Klein. Released in late 1971, it proved to be The Rolling Stones' biggest-selling release of their career and an enduring and popular retrospective.

Released 20 December 1971 (U.S.)
21 May 1990 (UK) 
Recorded May 1964 - April 1970 
Genre Rock 
Length 1:25:23 
Label ABKCO 
Producer(s) Andrew Loog Oldham,
The Rolling Stones
Jimmy Miller
and Glyn Johns 


DISC 1: 
  1. Time Is On My Side 
  2. Heart Of Stone 
  3. Play With Fire 
  4. Satisfaction, (I Can't Get No) 
  5. As Tears Go By 
  6. Get Off My Cloud 
  7. Mother's Little Helper 
  8. 19th Nervous Breakdown 
  9. Paint It Black 
  10. Under My Thumb 
  11. Ruby Tuesday 
  12. Let's Spend The Night Together 
  
 DISC 2: 
  1. Jumpin' Jack Flash 
  2. Street Fighting Man 
  3. Sympathy For The Devil 
  4. Honky Tonk Women 
  5. Gimme Shelter 
  6. Midnight Rambler - (live) 
  7. You Can't Always Get What You Want 
  8. Brown Sugar 
  9. Wild Horses 

The Rolling Stones: Mick Jagger (vocals); Keith Richards, Brian Jones (guitar, background vocals); Bill Wyman (bass instrument); Charlie Watts (drums). If faced with the absurd dilemma of picking one album to represent the meaning of rock music, the Rolling Stones compilation HOT ROCKS--which collects most of their commercially and artistically successful songs from 1964 to 1971--would certainly be in the running. A two-CD set (originally released as a double LP), HOT ROCKS' 22 tracks each have the ring of historical inevitability about them; more importantly, of course, they are great tunes. From the soulful wailing of "Time Is On My Side" (the only non-Jagger/Richards original here) to the nervous pop shuffle of "Mother's Little Helper" through the Indian-influenced psychedelia of "Paint It Black" and the gospel-inflected strains of "You Can't Always Get What You Want," it is hard to argue with the power of this music. Many of these songs have been tattooed on the cultural psyche--the amped-up rock nirvana of "Jumpin' Jack Flash" and "Satisfaction" (with their indelible guitar riffs), for example--but everything here sparkles and thrills: the mod clatter of "19th Nervous Breakdown," the in-your-face sass of "Brown Sugar." At their very best, as on "Sympathy for the Devil" and "Gimme Shelter," the Stones prove capable not only of creating compressed rock masterpieces, but of making music emblematic of their entire generation (and future generations). The Rolling Stones are often referred to as "the World's Greatest Rock Band." HOT ROCKS makes that claim hard to dispute.

Enjoy!
Ekolb