what is it about? Several scenes that were supposed to be in the final cut are now restored. This is supposed to extend Superman to a more complete movie.

original film name: Superman: The Movielarge product photo
film studio name: Salkind/WB
Date Original Film Was Released: 10 DEC 1978
Date Edit Was Released: 27 JUL 2006 / v.2 Feb 2007
Original Runtime: 143 min
New Runtime: 154 min
Amount of time Cut/Added: 11 min added
Cuts removed/added/extended:

   1. Restored Scenes:
      In addition to the 8 minutes of deleted scenes presented in the 2001 Expanded Edition, this also adds two more scenes: An extension where Otis has to feed ravenous unseen pets Lex keeps underground while Lex and Miss Tessmacher discuss their relationship, and a later scene where Lex feeds Miss Tessmacher to \"The Babies,\" only to ... well, let\'s not spoil it.
   2. v.2:
      A far cry from the holy grail that would be a fully anamorphic
      restored KCOP cut, this merely gives us two more scenes in the film
      (about 3:15 to the runtime of the 2001 Expanded Edition.). Richard
      Donner noted in his 2001 interview with IGNFF about the forthcoming
      Expanded Edition that he was particularly looking forward to the
      reinsertion of \"Ned Beatty feeding those things underground.\" Well,
      they didn\'t show up in the actual 2001 Expanded Edition, but they were
      included as a supplement on the DVD. So I\'ve put the two scenes with
      this tiny subplot back in. It greatly captures more of Lex\'s twisted
      mind, and it bridges the gap between Superman flying away from the
      desert differently.

      This V.2 also uses the 1978 mix in almost every scene from the
      theatrical cut, with the 2001 mix downmixed in all the deleted or
      restored scenes. The result is a truer sound for the purists. 2001 mix
      is provided for comparison. There is also a music-only track featuring
      John Williams legendary score.

DVD - Features:

   1. 154 min. NTSC
   2. static menu
   3. Music-only and commentary tracks

Conceptual improvements/advancements of edit over original:

In an interview with Richard Donner during the 2001 restoration, he commented on his excitement that these scenes were going back in. No idea why they didn\'t make the final cut, but here they are back in context.