Johnny Cash - The Man, His World, His Music [1969] (DVDRip, DivX)

This 90 minute program contains many rare clips, including the Man in Black singing classic duets with his wife June Carter, Carl Perkins, and Bob Dylan. This fascinating "fly on the wall" documentary shot mainly on tour in the late '60s includes songs performed in many different settings, plus unique footage of Cash relaxing and visiting with riends and family.

Legendary country singer and songwriter Johnny Cash was just beginning to break through to a new level of mainstream recognition with the success of his classic Johnny Cash at Folsom Prison album when filmmaker Robert Elfstrom spent several months on the road with Cash, attempting to capture both the public and private sides of the man. Johnny Cash: The Man, His World, His Music was the result, a profile of the artist which includes visits to the sharecropping farms where Cash spent his childhood; a recording session with Cash and Bob Dylan; reminiscences of growing up in the rural South from Johnny and his friend Carl Perkins; concerts in penitentiaries and Indian reservations; Cash bantering with his wife, June Carter Cash, and reuniting with his family; and performances of a number of his best-known songs. Originally produced for British television, Johnny Cash: The Man, His World, His Music pleased Cash enough that he later hired director Elfstrom to helm his film about Jesus Christ in the Holy Lands, The Gospel Road.


01-Ring of Fire (concert recording).
02-Land of Israel.
03-Folsom Prison Blues (concert recording). 
04-Five Feet High And Rising (concert recording). 
05-Foggy Mountain Top-Carter Family (concert recording). 
06-Blue Suede Shoes-Carl Perkins (concert recording). 
07-Remember the Alamo (concert recording). 
08-Buttering Biscuit Uo Tonight-??? (backstage). 
09-Great Speckled Bird. 
10-You're All I Need (Flesh And Blood). 
11-Jackson-with June Carter (concert recording). 
12-CMA Awards 1968. 
13-backstage audition - - 
14-Orange Blossom Special (concert recording). 
15-Blistered. 
16-One Too Many Mornings-with Bob Dylan-studio. 
17-Ballad of Ira Hayes (indian concert recording). 
18-Big Foot. 
19-Were You There. 
20-Cisco Clifton's Filling Station-clip. 
21-Busted. 
22-The Walls of a Prison-clip. 
23-Last Thing On My Mind-Carter Family (prison concert recording). 
24-Big River (prison concert recording). 
25-Long Black Veil (prison concert recording). 
26-Jackson-with June Carter (prison concert recording). 
27-The Devil to Pay-with Carl Perkins (studio).