This is a 813.6 MB DVD rip MPEG-4 file (640 x 352), and it's about 100 minutes long. 

This is a must-have download for all movie fans. This movie is adopted from the original story of most celebrate mystery fiction master in Japan - Edogawa Rampo (1894-1965), the same character starring in this movie. Mystery of Rampo is still one of the most elegant and sensuous romantic fantasy film ever made to this day. Originally directed by Rintaro Mayazumi, planned as to make a film based on writer's life and to be released in the year of writer's centenary in 1994, as well as to coincide the release in year of 100th Anniversary of Shochiku Corporation. However, when Mayuzumi turned in the movie, the producer Kazuyoshi Okuyama did not like it very much, so he took over the project and re-shot 65-70% of the movie. Something interesting to note, Okuyama had never direct a movie before that date! But there was no doubt, Okuyama's versions was mesmerizing, and became the only version showing around the world.  

Check here for more information:
http://www.glyphs.com/words/film/95/rampo.html


Synopsis(from Rotten Tomato)
Fantasy merges with reality in this unique mystery-thriller, inspired by the work of controversial Japanese author Edogawa Rampo. A woman has murdered her husband in a manner very similar to a killing depicted in an unpublished work of Rampo's, which the government has banned. After meeting the murderess, the famous writer is surprised to see that she also bears an uncanny physical resemblance to the character who sprung from his imagination. Rampo soon becomes so obsessed with her that he makes the woman a protagonist in his next novel as well. However, complications develop when Rampo starts imagining himself inside the fictional world he's creating. Before long, it's difficult for him -- and the viewer -- to distinguish the boundaries between fantasy and reality.

1995 | DVD Release: 2004 | 108 minutes | Color | Mystery & Fantasy | Japanese w/English subtitles | Rated R for images of bizarre sexuality