Artist: Flagellation 
Album: Incinerate Disintegrate 
Year: 2007 
Rel. Date: 2007-12-29 
Genre: Death Metal 
Label: Last Entertainment Productions 
Source: CD 
Type: Mini CD 
Encoder: LAME v3.97 -V2 --vbr-new 
Quality: VBR, 44.1kHz, Joint Stereo 

Is this a side-project or a full-blown band? For 
now I will go with the full-blown band option 
since Flagellation was formed in 1997 and released 
a 3-track promo in 1998 only to fall into 
hibernation for a couple of years after a couple 
of live gigs. In 2004/2005 the band awoke from 
their long sleep. 
Incinerate Disintegrate has now officially been 
released by Last Entertainment Productions after 
having been available as download on 
Flagellation's website. Finally, I would say, 
since Incinerate Disintegrate is a great little 
slab of death metal, no flagellation of the ears 
for me here. This sort of death metal you can wake 
me up for in the middle of the night. 
This is the sort of music Zyklon should have 
released after Aeon. Yep, that's right, 
Flagellation is reminiscent of Zyklon's best works 
Incinerate Disintegrate is chockful of slightly 
technical almost brutal and epic death metal. In 
20 minutes six songs, of which Rendering The 
Apocalypse and Vast Desolation are an intro and 
outro to the work proper, are fired onto the 
listener. 
Every song is full of tempo changes and chopping 
heavy riffs supported by a decent grunt and 
driving bass and drums, and the keyboards offer, 
as keyboards should do in this sort of music, some 
very distant atmospheric touches. To top it all of 
is a very able production Jonas Kjellgren (Scar 
Symmetry, Centinex). His production doesn't make 
it sound too mechanical he has found a nice 
balance between mechanical and organic, as in my 
opinion should be done for this type of slightly 
more modern death metal. 
It is hard to pinpoint a truly standout track on 
this mini, but weere I forced to do so I would opt 
for Threshold To Madness which features guest 
vocals by Jonas Kjellgren and strangely enough is 
also the song where the keyboards are most 
prominent. But the prominence of the keyboards 
work really well here supporting the changes in 
rhythm brilliantly. 
All in all a mini album which makes me look 
forward to a full-length release by these guy. 
 
http://flagellation.net 

1. Rendering The Apocalypse 1:36 
2. Chaos In The Flesh 4:06 
3. Threshold To Madness 5:44 
4. Purified By Fire 4:07 
5. Incinerate Disintegrate 3:39 
6. Vast Desolation 1:16 
20:28