ASO2 includes more than 30 tools for supercharging your PC\'s performance, and more than 200 tweaks for customizing Windows and improving its performance. New features include a spyware detective, an e-mail checker, an icon manager, a fast e-mailer, and a comprehensive backup tool for Outlook and for files and folders. You can back up the registry and restore it if it\'s damaged by a virus attack. The system cleaner removes junk and obsolete files from the system, including files often missed by the system uninstaller as well as by defrag and ScanDisk programs. The registry cleaner ensures that invalid information is removed, and the registry defragger helps you get maximum speed from your computer.

Advanced System Optimizer\'s privacy protector keeps prying eyes out of your system. By removing cookies, the Web history, and the recent documents history, the program ensures your sensitive information can\'t be retrieved by others. Version 2.01.4 fixed the installer, which had a problem in Windows 98 and Me.


Editor\'s Review:
With its comprehensive suite of utilities and attractive interface, Advanced System Optimizer makes it easy to regularly clean and optimize your system for better performance. In one of our tests, the optimizer cut down the registry size by 15 percent. The system-optimizer toolset handles sensitive areas such as registry files, as well as less critical data such as junk files and cookies. Privacy and security features clean Web files left in Internet Explorer, Opera, and Netscape, as well as finding and removing spyware. Encryption and secure erasing protect sensitive data. You can even make Windows more attractive by changing icons and wallpaper. More tools can organize your appointments, create sticky notes, and even manage media files. The XP-style interface clearly explains all the program\'s functions without flooding you with details. Sometimes more details would be nice, though, such as which invalid keys are completely safe to remove and which you might want to examine before deleting. However, you can back up system files and even create a boot disk to use in the event of a full-system crash. The easy-to-use interface makes Advanced System Optimizer perfect for beginners.

Compatible Operating Systems:
1. 98
2. 2000
3. 2000 Server
4. XP 32
5. XP 64
6. Vista 32
7. Vista 64

Installation:
1. Download
2. Extract with WinRAR (Password is
3. Install
4. Copy & Paste Crack into Installation Directory
5. Run Crack
6. Enjoy your full version

Password for WinRAR: