Del Close and John Brent recorded the successful comedy album How to Speak Hip (Mercury 1961). On How to Speak Hip, Brent plays Geets Romo, a hipster who consents to guide the square interviwer, Close, through the basic lexicon of hip. How to Speak Hip came with a "Hip Manual" to use for further self study. 

Track notes for the Beach Boys' Pet Sounds album

6. Let's Go Away For Awhile 
(Brian Wilson)
Recorded Jan. 18, 1966 at Western Recorders, Hollywood, CA.
String and flute overdubs recorded Jan. 19, 1966 at Western Recorders, Hollywood, CA.
Released Oct. 10, 1966 as the B-side of Capitol single 5676 (Good Vibrations).

Originally recorded with the designation Untitled Ballad, this song apparently had several tentative titles before Brian settled on Let's Go Away For Awhile. A Feb. 23, 1966 Capitol memo lists the song by the title The Old Man And The Baby. And Tony Asher recalled Brian having an acetate disc of the track bearing another title.

"There was an album out called How to Speak Hip ... a lampooning of the language instruction albums," Asher explained. "I played it for Brian, and it destroyed him, killed him. Brian picked up a couple of references on the album. One of them was this hip character that said if everyone were 'laid back and cool, then we'd have world peace.' So Brian started going around saying, 'Hey, would somebody get me a candy bar, and then we'll have world peace.'" Asher said Brian "even made an acetate disc with a label on it with the title. He talked about calling Let's Go Away For Awhile 'And Then We'll Have World Peace.'"

(to) arc out (verb): To overcome a bothersome obstacle, to clear a barrier with ease. "The math exam was a bear, but I arc'ed out."

beard (noun): Cover or disguise, in the form of an object or person. Dean and Ehrlichman were Tricky Dick's beards at Watergate.

Betty's world (noun): Referring to any geopolitical event occurring during the reign of Elizabeth 1 (1558-1603). "That Shakespeare was the swingin' prose king in Betty's world."

(the) Big Deuce (proper noun): World War II.

bogue (adj.): Bogus, uncool. Strictly fakes-ville.

bourbon (adj.): Lost in space, a general state of fuzzy-mindedness. "I just can't think straight. It's straight bourbon."

cheese (adj.): Top of the line in its class. The 1958 Eldorado is unquestionably "the cheese Caddy." (From Nagle-Mathews)

(to) cop and blow (verb): To make a purchase and split the scene. "Let's make it to McDonalds, cop and blow."

(to) dig (verb): to understand implicitly. Also: to appreciate or like.

(to) do it like Mommy (verb): To come on domestic in a big way. "This morning I cleaned house, vacuumed, ironed. I did it like Mommy." (From the record of the same name by Simtec & Wylie.)

Doll City (adj): Physically attractive in a standard-issue way. "Those Hemingway chicks with the Brezhnev brows are Doll City. I'll freeze."

(to) douse the Edisons (verb): To turn out the lights.

drug (adj.): (From the past tense of drag). Worn out, tired. "I'm too drug to climb those twenty flights just now," said Eddie.

in Fat City (descriptive phrase): Rich, well-off financially, satisfied. "Since the inheritance came in, she's in Fat City."

full tour (noun): Same as three-hour tour.

geepie (noun): (Pronounced with hard "g"). An underage hipster, a funkbopper of either sex. (From Bootsy Collins)

gettin' the mohawk (verb form): Building up irritation to a major level, causing one's hackles to rise. "There was nothing on at seven except for Family Feud. I was gettin' the mohawk." (Nagle-Mathews)

gig (noun): Job, vocation, temporary assignment.

grove (verb): Past tense of groove (itself a corruption of grok--to orb enthusiastically). "The rebirth sequence in 2001 was too much. I grove the colors."

(to) have eyes for (verb): To want badly. "Eddie Cochran had eyes for that '49 Ford in 'Somethin' Else."'

hip (adj): Aware, having acute perception.

hit me and cut the rap (directive): Hand over whatever you came here to give me, with no backtalk. (From the P-funk)

hung (adj.): Needy. "He's really hung for bread."

I'll freeze, Bill (phrase): A polite turndown. "Thanks for inviting me to that Pia Zadora flick, but I'll freeze, Bill." (From The Price Is Right TV game show, per Tom Vickers)

jacked up (adj.): Upset, anxious, held in suspension while the sundial ticks. "I got jacked up over my rent. I'm hung for the dough and can't make it."

(to) kiss (verb): To skip, pass, shine on. "She told me she'd rather just go to the mountains and kiss the city altogether this weekend."

(to) Kojak (verb): To find a usually unavailable parking space. "I can't believe it: a spot right in front of the hotel. I Kojaked!"

(to) Kreskin (verb): To intuit or foresee. "I Kreskined that you'd call before noon."

lamb-time (noun): Spring.

lean green (noun): Loot, dough, scratch. Money.

Leo-time (noun): August.

luggage (noun): Bags under the eyes.

(to) make the legal move (verb): Get married. Einstein, says Lord Buckley, found his woman, "made the legal move, rang the bells and out of this union were born two swingin' Marsheads."

Mister Ed (noun): 1. An unimpeachable inside source. "Woodward and Bernstein had a Mister Ed."

2. A reliable sidekick or confidant, as in McMahon.

Motel Hell (adj.): Characteristic of a bad place to stay, as in a souring love affair or dead-end job. "Man, I'm quitting; the gig is Motel Hell."

(to) Orb (verb): to eyeball or look at. "They orbed the window, then walked into the store and copped."

to pile up the z's (verb): To sleep.

puppethead (noun): Square person, esp. one who lets others pull his or her taste strings. (A typical puppethead remark: "Wow, I just paid forty bucks for tickets to see Devo. I've never heard them, but they're supposed to be rilly neat.") Synonyms (Tim White, 1978): cementhead, chowder-head.

queeb (noun): A small hassle or unavoidable screw-up, often mechanical. "Sorry I'm late. I had a minor queeb with the starter on my car."

rooster time (noun): Early morning.

rumor (noun): Something kaput, over with, ancient history. "Man, after Waterloo, Napoleon was a rumor. Finished."

scramble (noun): According to Nagle-Mathews, the peculiar effect achieved when a balding male combs what hair he's got left on the sides up onto his top. Hence, any attempt to stretch a thinning resource. Full scrambles: deficit budgets, the careers of Muhammed Ali and the Rolling Stones.

(to) senior out (verb): To tire, become too weak to function. To do it like an oldster. "I couldn't make the late movie. I seniored out, went to bed at ten."

Shovel City (adj.): Deeply dug, much appreciated. "You enjoying the music?" "It's too much: Shovel City."

(to) sit down (verb): To make an impression, to suggest lasting impact. According to Klaflan (1982), a good idea or great music "will definitely sit down, kids."

Sue City (descriptive phrase): Involved in a court action or otherwise engage in legal matters.

(to) swing (verb): To achieve the highest state of well-being. To soar free and clear. Bobby Rydell attended a "Swingin' School." Bruce and Sinatra graduated.

(to) swing like sixty (verb): To perform at peak, to freak freely or wail radi cally. "That girl's the cleanest when it comes to threads. The dress she wore last night swung like sixty."

Swiss (adj.): Neutral. Having no opinion or preference. From Vickers (1980-82): "1 don't care where we go tonight. Dinner? Flicks? I'm totally Swiss."

(to) take the bus (verb): To do something in a low-cost, no-frills fashion. "When it comes to shoes, I take the bus--I shop at K-Mart."

(to) take the scenic route (verb): To perform a task with an eye toward enjoyment rather than efficiency. "Fun will take the longer way around," sayeth P-Funk. "Clinton takes the scenic route often."

three-hour tour (noun): A drag, especially any experience that takes longer than expected. From the Gilligan. "Waiting in line at the bank was a three-hour tour."

T-zone (adj.): Blissed out, unaware, spaced. "I'll never go out with him again. He's strictly T-zone."

under house (adj.): (From under house arrest) State of being uncontrollable, out of hand. Wildy frustrated. "Once Batman got hip to his scene, Penguin flipped. He was under house."

vines (noun): Clothes, threads. 

Wall Street didn't jump (descriptive phrase): Indicating an action which fails to draw the anticipated reaction; creating no ripples on the pond. "He told the finance company he'd be inheriting a million bucks in six months. Wall Street didn't jump."

in Wig City (descriptive phrase): Caught in the township of the flipped, just outside sanity and peopled by mad daddies and moms.

wrapping (noun): Threads, vines, esp. women's.

Z-bird (noun): A loser. Last in line, hence the squarest. Prominent Z-birds: the Schmenge Brothers.
