Excellent .ISo Extracting and .ISO burning program


Burn Game isos with this program. Can burn images to CD/Dvd Discs.

UltraISO is a CD image file creating/editing/converting tool, it can directly edit the CD image file and extract files and folders from it, as well as make ISO files from your CD-ROM or hard disk. At the same time, you can maintain the ISO bootable information, thus creating your own bootable CDs. With UltraISO, you now have the power to make and edit your own ISO files, and then burn them to CD for your own needs.

UltraISO runs on Windows95/98/Me/NT/2000/XP operating system.

UltraISO can:
1. Duplicate disc to ISO file from CD-ROM/Dvd-Rom
2. Build file on hard disk, CD-ROM/Cd-Rom, net drive to one ISO file.
3. Extract files from ISO file.
4. Edit ISO file in many format.
5. Make bootable ISO file.
6. Create/Edit Audio CD image.

Some details:
1. Directly edit the ISO image file.
2. Directly extract files and folder form ISO image file.
3. Support willfully add/delete/create new directory or rename ISO file content.
4. Make ISO file form hard disk document.
5. Create CD image from CD-ROM, maintain bootable information.
6. Handle the compact disc boot information, you may directly add/remove/extract boot image of the ISO document.
7. Support nearly all known CD image file format(ISO, BIN, IMG, CIF,NRG, BWI and so on), and converts them to the standard ISO form document.
8. Directly set the file/folder to hidden attribute.
9. Supports ISO 9660 Level1/2/3 and Joliet extension.
10. Automatically optimizes the ISO document file structure, saves the CD space.
11. Supports the shell document type integration, may through double click or the mouse right key menu in the Windows resource management to open the ISO file.
12. Twin window operation, it is extremely convenient to use.
13. There are rich add-on tools, you can create N in 1 bootable compact disc, CD image file management, even the virtual CD/DVD drive, those function is really powerful.