Ted Koppel - Daily Show interview - New Iran documentary (11.15.2006)[Avi+Mov 7m29s]

Contents:

Ted Koppel - Daily Show interview discussing new Iran documentary (11.15.2006).avi [24.7 MB][DivX]
Ted Koppel - Daily Show interview discussing new Iran documentary (11.15.2006).mov [5.45 MB]

Jon Stewart interviews Ted Koppel on The Daily Show about his upcoming special "Iran - The Most Dangerous Nation"

"Award-winning journalist Ted Koppel was allowed three weeks of rare access to examine the roots of 27 years of distrust between Americans and Iranians. In the program, Koppel talks to Iranians in all parts of the country about the harsh rhetoric of Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and about his determination to pursue nuclear technology. Koppel was able to travel outside Tehran to the holy city of Qom, the old capital Isfahan, to the busy border with Iraq, and into the rural areas that are a significant base of support for President Ahmadinejad. In so doing, he conveys the deep sense of Persian pride in their 2,700-year history and rich culture.

As the reporter whose groundbreaking coverage of the Iran hostage crisis held the nation's attention for 444 days, Koppel brings unparalleled perspective to the troubled relationship between our two countries. He takes a comprehensive look at the personalities of today's Iran to reveal a nation with a rich culture and a sensitive, well-educated people who regularly welcome Americans warmly. Sixty percent of the university students are women and seventy percent of Iranians are under the age of thirty. Consequently, these numbers reflect a huge generational gap between the aging clerics who currently control the social and moral direction of Iran. Iranians are polarized on many issues, but agree on one thing - their anger at the U.S. for trying to block Iran's access to nuclear technology.

Adding to the power and timeliness of this story, the Koppel team was the last group of journalists allowed into the country before the Iranian government stopped granting journalist visas. This was a direct response to claims that the U.S. blocked Iranian journalists from coming to the U.S. to cover President Ahmadinejad's trip to the UN. It is unlikely that, in the near future, U.S. journalists will be given the access to Iran or its people that Ted Koppel had while making this film."

Source: http://onegoodmove.org/1gm/1gmarchive/2006/11/ted_koppel_on_i.html

This new show aired on the Discovery Channel 19.11.2006 - torrents via bt-chat.com + demonoid.com ;)