NTSC
ENGLISH
100% Retail


LINK:
http://www.xbox.com/en-us/mortalkombatdeadlyalliance/default.htm?level1=enusgames&level2=catalog&level3=mortalkombatdeadlyalliance


Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance enters the 21st Century with an all-new fighting system, brutal fatalities and an intense storyline that pushes the limits of the next-generation consoles. Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance begins the next chapter in the battle of good versus evil as two powerful sorcerers?Shang Tsung and Quan Chi?join forces to deliver unrivaled fighting action in their quest for supreme mortality.

Players engage in hand-to-hand and special-weapon combat, executing secret moves and combinations with new fatalities and deadly body blows. Lethal new warriors are added to the mix along with the return of Mortal Kombat classics Scorpion, Rayden, Sub-Zero, and Sonya. Hyper-realistic, Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance features the progressive demise of opponents while utilizing three unique fighting styles for each warrior, creating unlimited fighting possibilities.



Features  
 
 

Completely NEW Fighting System. Each warrior has three unique fighting styles including hand-to-hand and deadly-weapon combat adding a whole new strategy to Mortal Kombat fighting. 
Full 3D movement with extremely realistic fighting effects. Ripped clothing, bruises, sweat-dripping and blood. 
Brutal Fatalities. A Mortal Kombat favorite. They're back with gruesome and bloody detail first time seen on next-generation systems. 
Character-specific "special attacks" such as Scorpion's deadly spear move. 
New and old favorite characters. Returning: Johnny Cage, Kung Lao, Raiden, Sonya, Scorpion and more. New: Female Sub-Zero, Moloch, Mavado and more. Over 20 total characters! 
Ominous and exquisitely detailed, interactive environments. More than 20 fighting environments in all! 
Multiple Play Modes: Arcade Mode, VS Mode, Expanded Practice Mode, Test Your Might and Test Your Sight

DVD content:

The "Making of Mortal Kombat Deadly Alliance"
History of Mortal Kombat 
Exclusive Mortal Kombat Deadly Alliance video and song by heavy rock sensation Adema 
 
 
Game Information  
 
 
Publisher
Midway Home Entertainment Inc. 

Developer
Midway 

Street Date
November 2002 

Price
$19.99 

 
Rating
Mature

 
 
 
 
 
 
