Big news today!

As many of you know, I've been working closely with Saul Williams on
his new record. We've spent many hours together in hotel rooms,
busses, backstages and studios around the world working on something
we knew was great. This is the most involved I've been with any
project outside NIN since Antichrist Superstar, and I've been
impatiently waiting for the chance for you to hear it.

Well... guess what?

The Inevitable Rise and Liberation of NiggyTardust! has arrived!
After my own recent dealings with record labels we decided to release
it directly to you. Head over to www.niggytardust.com for all the
details. Register now and you can download the record November 1st.

Working on this project was a real pleasure. Saul was interested in
breaking boundaries / crossing genres / defying expectations and we
learned a great deal from one another in the process. When asked about
the sound of the record, I've had to resort to "... I really don't
know HOW to describe it." That's a good thing more than ever these
days.

A word on the way we've chosen to release this.
There are obvious similarities in how Radiohead just released their
new record and the way we've chosen to. After thinking about this way
too much, I feel we've improved upon their idea in a few profound ways
that benefit you, the consumer. You obviously will be the judge of
this in the end. One thing that IS very different in our situation is
that Saul's not the household name (yet!) that Radiohead is, and that
means we need your support on this more than ever. If you like what
you hear, spread the word.

I hope you enjoy the music,

-Trent Reznor


A blog post from Trent Reznor:


10/25/07 : NIGGYTARDUST!
The other half of what I was working on the whole time I was doing
YEAR ZERO will soon be available. Head over to niggytardust.com for
details. Your support on this project would mean a lot to me. It's a
weird time to be an artist and it sure would be nice to show the
corporate assholes that seem to run everything that an audience CAN be
treated with respect.

Regardless of the boring mechanics of how you GET the record, the only
thing that really matters is the music and if I didn't believe in this
completely I wouldn't have dedicated the time or be saying this to you
right now.
Many times throughout the process of making this the phrase "I can't
wait to blow people's minds with this" was heard. Check it out!

Will it be on cd? here's Saul to answer that one:

There will be nice cd packages with cool artwork, writings etc. in
stores early next year, but why wait to share the music!


And more thoughts on the album, which can be found on saul's myspace.


The Inevitable Rise and Liberation of NiggyTardust! is the lovechild
of me and Trent Reznor. I met Trent when he asked me to fill the
opening slot of his European With Teeth tour. After only the 2nd show
he asked if I might be down to collaborate on a song or album,
whatever I saw fit. At the time we were both listening to the
Kanye/Jon Brion collaborations and feeling like a cocktail of our two
worlds would fare even more interesting?and harder. Since then, Trent
Reznor has become the big brother I never had, offering his insight,
expertise, and shared desire to fuck up the system while believing
fully in the power of music and the intelligence of the masses. What
we both first realized we had in common was a deep love of Public
Enemy and their Bomb Squad production, which personally served as the
backdrop of my adolescence and fueled the fire that matured my vision
of the sort of artist I wanted to be. A lot of people get caught up on
my lyrics and poetry, but my writing is always founded on beats and
polyrhythmic backdrops. My background as a dancer (I used to dance for
a rap group in ATL in the early 90s) has always made me crave hard
rhythms. Through Public Enemy I discovered that my ability to dance
somehow improved when I truly felt the power of the words. This album
captures everything I have aimed for in a song. Of course, as a
performer, what truly inspires me is the opportunity to perform them
live. The Niggytardust concept sets me free to do more on stage with
costume, etc. than one might expect from a regular Saul Williams show.
It allows me to put my theatre training to use. I've also thought long
and hard about all the discussion surrounding racial epithets etc. and
chose this title as a means of furthering the dialogue while also
showing how creativity will outlive and outshine hatred of any kind.

The album would not have been possible without the collaborative
spirit Trent and the other artists involved: CX Kidtronik and Thavius
Beck brought beats and fire to the vision, energizing the process with
blown amps and head-nodding cramps. Atticus Ross engineered and
programmed. Alan Moulder is sonic testimony from headphone to full
blown that the very rocks will cry out if you work with the right
engineer.

I'm also collaborating with visual artists and designers as part of
the whole NiggyTardust concept and presentation. Melody Ehsani
designed Tardust jewelry, bracelets, rings. necklaces, etc. and also
did the cover layout. Angelbert Metoyer has contributed greatly to the
visual aesthetic with paintings and soon to be finished set design for
the shows.

As far as the way we've decided to release the album, we're aware that
it's pretty risky, but are even more aware that we cant turn to the
so-called powers that be of the industry for answers. Someone has got
to be willing to take chances. I was very inspired by the recent
Radiohead release and felt compelled, almost instantly, to follow my
gut and expand on their concept. Obviously, independent artists have
been around for years. My indie film, Slam was in fact what opened so
many doors for me. yet, the stigma of being an indie artist in the
music world hasn't always been rewarding. This time I feel different.
I feel like the times have conspired to make this album an important
part of history.

- Saul Williams