Visit the following URL to get a 14 day free cd key at this URL:
 
https://secure.eve-online.com/ft/?aid=101049

EVE is a massive multiplayer online game (MMOG) set in a science-fiction based, persistent world. Players take the role of spaceship pilots seeking fame, fortune, and adventure in a huge, complex, exciting, and sometimes hostile galaxy.

This is the GTA of MMOs... it is legal to pirate and ransom other players
for in game cash.

Carolus Martellus writes:

Eve Online is set in an unknown portion of space, spanning thousands of solar
systems, many of which are settled.

This Travel Warning is being issued to remind all pilots of ongoing security
concerns in low-sec Empire & 0.0 Space. This Travel Warning supersedes
previous travel warnings.

Pilots involved in commercial or property matters should be aware that the
business environment is complex and dispute settlement mechanisms are not
highly developed. Corporations often cite corruption and ineffective courts as
serious problems.

SAFETY AND SECURITY 
Alliances strictly enforces its immigration/visa requirements. Pilots have
been attacked for territory violations. Violators may also be subject to
substantial fines. 

Pilots should avoid travel to 0.0 space. Alliances restricts foreigners'
travel to their territory; many carebears and NPC hunters were attacked in
these territories by Alliance security forces in the past year.

Most alliances will kill on sight anyone entering their space even if you are
neutral and especially if you are a member of a "NPC" corporation (you could
be using an alternate identity and scouting for an opposing force.

Pirates and carebears should maintain a low profile, vary daily routines,
avoid crowds and demonstrations, and keep abreast of current Eve events.

PIRACY

Eve piracy is a persistent and growing problem in low-sec and 0.0 space,
targeting primarily commercial vessels. The majority of piracy attacks occur
in low-sec (<0.5) and 0.0 space. Before traveling by ship in these areas,
pilots are advised to review the current security situation with their
corporation and alliance members.

Due to ongoing concerns about the possibility of pirate attacks directed
against alliances or other corporation and interests, CONCORD continues to
warn pilots to defer non-essential travel to low-security space.

Always be alert even in empire; the cost of a few suicide battleships is
nothing compared to the price of a Tech 2 BPO.

Never travel when away from keyboard. You deserve to die.

If pirates are scrambling you and you lost your tank, do not wait until you're
into structure, CEASE FIRE & STOP YOUR ENGINE. Attempt to comply with all
instructions from the hijackers, and also make it clear that you are willing
to pay a ransom.
You will have no more than thirty seconds to transfer the ISK.

If you beg for help or smack in local, you'll die a violent death.

If you really don't have the money, offer the pirates to eject from your ship;
they will let you and your pod warp to safety.

If you are a slow keyboard type, use the Eve notepad facility to your
advantage to cut and paste cooked answers.
(ref: Eve Low-sec Phrase Book [we need translators])

Don't hesitate to ask your attackers for tips and advise. 

Be polite (say thank you) and never smack in local after paying your ransom;
you don't need to make a fool of yourself.
Once I attacked a merlin, which appeared later to be a harpy. I didn't live
long but it was fun, convo'd the pilot and joked about my mistake and thanked
him for the fight. He congratulated me for my fair-play and gave me a full mil
of isk, about twice the value of my ship.

Calm yourself and enjoy the moment.

"In exactly the way that you justify doing the same to the whole world. But
because I do it with a single paltry ship, I am called a pirate; while you do
it with a large navy, and are called an emperor." Augustine of Hippo, Civitas
Dei (Book IV, Chapter iv)
