Sunny Leone - gorgeous Indian model (XXX hardcore)



Covers: 
http://www.imageblues.com/show.php/195_covers.jpg.html


Screens: 
http://www.imageblues.com/show.php/196_Sunny.Leone.jpg.html




Sunny

Category:  All Sex
Genre:  Straight
Release Date: 11/8/2005
Studio: Vivid


Description:
2003 Penthouse Pet Of The Year, Sunny Leone, her first movie. Five fantasies. Five wildly erotic settings. Featuring the equally beautiful Lanny Barby and stunning Stefani Morgan. From adult's new visionary B. Skow. Prepare yourself for something special.

Cast:
Sunny Leone, Lexi Marie, Lanny Barbie, Stephani Morgan, Avena Lee, Jezebelle Bond, Harmony, Tommy Gunn, Manuel Ferrara, Jerry, Anthony Hardwood


Director: B. Skow
Themes: Fantasy


Review:
Apparently Vivid is as impressed by new director B Skow as I have been of late. He`s can still count his projects on one hand and they are turning over the video debut of Sunny Leone to him. From what I understand, she`s only doing girls at this point, but the former Penthouse Pet is so freaking pretty that she should add a ton of eye candy to the mix. He`s also got some girls who know how to handle boy/girl scenes. Even though g/g isn`t my favorite type of porn, I`m looking forward to how great she is going to look in this movie. I am also curious to see what kind of a movie B. Skow brings us. We have seen him do scripted porn, but seems intent on infusing some serious sexual heat into the Vivid style.

The story revolves around Sunny and sexual fantasies that come to her when she meditates. (It has something to do with cheating in the mind instead of the body. Sorry, I was distracted by how freaking pretty she is. Things shift gears rapidly though. We go from soft music and romance to Harmony (I think, the cast ID on this dick is non-existent of course.) She`s on her knees in a beach setting in a bikini looking hot when all of a sudden the heat drains right out of the action. I am sorry to say that the horrid freakshow trend toward fake gagging and throat noises have infected even Vivid movies. I`m to the point where I just give up on scenes that have this crap in them. I don`t know if it is the talent doing it on their own, or directors demanding it, but it has to stop. There is some potential heat here, but the stupid throat noises drown out the sex and the good facials.

Sunny shows up in her own fantasy with Avena Lee. This scene takes us right back to where we would expect things to be. It is a very pretty veggie scene with two very pretty girls fingering each other vigorously. Sunny certainly isn`t afraid to get her face up in there and go to town. Check out the way the 69 sort of morphs into a lesbian piledriver with toys. Very nice touch.

The next trip through the door introduces us to tiny little Stefani Morgan. She is a petite little thing, but that doesn`t stop her from attacking Manuel Ferrara`s cock. Her lips stretch around that huge thing as she jerks him into her mouth furiously. Sunny sits nearby rubbing her pussy because the action is just too hot to be missed. Manuel bends her over and plays between her cheeks for a while. I doubt if he is going to be able to slip his cock in there, but he licks it anyway. They move to the hood of the car so he can fuck her. He doesn`t take it easy on her and there is some serious sexual heat here. The scene is shot a little soft (As most Vivid movies are), but this little girl can take a big cock really well. She drops in front of him and waits there while he jerks a big load onto her pretty face. I know this is Sunny`s movie, but damn this girl is sexy.

Sunny seems to gravitate towards all-girl fantasies and joins Jezebelle Bond and Lexie Marie for some fun. They are all in matching lingerie that looks fantastic. After they give Sunny some tongue attention, the focus switches to Lexie. She spreads her legs and gets fucked by a fat toy. The busty blonde loves every inch and stands up to show off her awesome legs and ass. There is some really great toy play for all of the girls and some hot strap-on sex. Sunny has already proven that she likes girls and rides that fake cock really well in this scene.

Lanny Barbie ramps up the heat in the finale. She and Sunny hook up first, kissing and fingering each other. Tommy Gunn steps in and gives Lanny some cock while Sunny keeps licking her pretty friend from behind. As she fades away, Sunny leaves the fucking to the other two. Lanny gives an energetic blowjob, but doesn`t really cut lose until he`s got her bent over with his cock in her pussy. She shows off that fantastic body in reverse cowgirl, bouncing up and down on his cock. After a quick fuck Tommy shoots onto the side of her face. The energy was so good here that I wish the scene would have lasted a whole lot longer.

Sunny makes a fine debut. She`s only doing girls so if you were hoping to see her take dick, you`re going to be disappointed. Her three scenes look great and she isn`t lacking sexual energy. Clearly she enjoys the feel and taste of another woman and that comes across in the action. Lanny provides the best boy/girl romp of the movie. She is fine looking and seems to like fucking throbbing hard pricks. Iâ??m really impressed by Stefani Morgan and can`t wait to see her in a few more scenes. The one in this movie is very good and she proves that a tiny girl can take a big cock. Though the scenes are short and often look a little soft, B Skow is definitely trying to raise the bar sexually without straying too far from what Vivid fans expect. If he can get girls like Stephani, Lanny and Sunny to perform with as much energy as we see here, then he might be able to perfectly combine eye candy with heat.





.
