H  O  O  D  L  U  M 
                      
                                    Proudly Presents  

                  Shopping Centre Tycoon (c) Deep Silver                

      Supplied by: HOODLUM      Release Date: 2004/03/11          
      Cracked by.: HOODLUM      Game Type...: Euro Only Mall-like 
      Packaged by: HOODLUM      Image Format: BIN/CUE            
                                                                    
        Protection: None                                          
                                                                    
        Number of CD(s): 1                                      

        Release Note:  You may think this release is a renamed DUPE of Mall Tycoon 2. 
        Well you would be HALF (and only half) right. This is from the 
        same people as Mall Tycoon and is the Euro version. But it 
        includes 3 NEW (as in you can only get them from this version) 
        cities which have NEVER before been released anywhere in any 
        shape or form. So, it is not simply a renamed title for the 
        european markets. And therefore NOT a dupe. 
Game Info: Shopping Centre Tycoon is a god management game following the 
        extremely popular Tycoon gameplay style.Building on the strengths 
        of the genre, Shopping Centre Tycoon offers you a more European 
        gaming experience, giving you a number of European cities in 
        which to build your shopping centre, each having their own 
        national landmarks, shops & look and feel. 
        
        At its heart Shopping Centre Tycoon is a combination of a 
        management game & a shopping centre designer. This is a simple 
        game mechanic will give you the freedom to both explore your 
        creative design side & also see if you have what it takes to 
        manage a complex ever changing environment! 
        
        Utilising the tried & tested RenderWare« 3D engine, used in 
        hundreds of top entertainment titles worldwide, incorporating; 
        hundreds of fully textured 3D shoppers, highly detailed 
        environments and an adjustable detail level allowing the game 
        to run on lower machine specs. 
        
        Features: Choose from 3 European cities in which to build your mall: 
        London, Paris or Berlin (this is why its NOT Mall Tycoon 2). 

        Play through the scenario mode where you face a series of 
        different challenges, or just build to your hearts content 
        in the and box mode. 

        Construct your centre and add a variety of shops 

        From fashion outlets to beauty parlours, mobile phone shops 
        to fast food takeaways. 

        Add a huge range of decorative objects such as rides, fountains 
        & sculptures, to enhance your aesthetic reputation and attract 
        more shoppers. 

        Manage your centre through balancing finances, hiring & firing 
        staff, raise/lower rents, & adjusting advertising costs. 

        Shoppers are split into various age groups, each having their 
        own personal shopping needs & preferences. Analyse your shoppers 
        so as to cater for these needs & maximise your income. 

        Defend your creation from thieves & vandals. Negotiate security 
        contracts, add security cameras & employ security teams to remove 
        unsavoury characters. 



