John Sebastian-Faithful Virtue: The Reprise Recordings(1970-76)
Bit.256
Ripped.From Ltd. Box Set Edition

Rhino Review
It is impossible to think of the music of the 1960s without thinking of The Lovin? Spoonful. And it is impossible to think of The Lovin? Spoonful without thinking of John Sebastian.

Mr. Sebastian, Zal Yanovsky, Steve Boone and Joe Butler formed The Lovin? Spoonful in Greenwich Village in New York. Over several precious years, they produced several precious albums that yielded songs that both kept them in the Top Ten and, it would turn out, kept their delicious lyrics and melodies a part of our stream of musical consciousness for more than 30 years. What is remarkable, however, is that John Sebastian's solo albums for Reprise Records are every bit as wonderful as anything in his entire recorded oeuvre. For fervent proof of this, we are proud to offer our new collection of the five particularly wonderful albums he recorded for Reprise between the years 1969 and 1976, which we are calling Faithful Virtue: The Reprise Recordings.

Faithful Virtue: The Reprise Recordings collects all five of his Reprise albums. The 1970 John B. Sebastian debut, 1971's Cheapo Cheapo Productions Presents Real Live and The Four Of Us (with the side-long epic "The Four Of Us" suite), Tarzana Kid from 1974 and his final Reprise album, 1976's Welcome Back. In addition, we have included both sides of his non-LP 1972 "Give Us A Break" single and, for the first time anywhere, his complete five-song performance from the original 1969 Woodstock Music And Art Fair in Bethel, NY.

A quote from the liner notes of The Big Ball, one of the fabled 2-LP promotional albums released by Warner Bros/Reprise in 1970, puts Mr. Sebastian's recordings in a proper context: "Name a folk or rock and roll idiom in which John has not written an incredible song, and we'll ship you a storeroom full of albums. Name us a more versatile songwriter-singer on the current American scene, and we'll provide you with a chauffeur for six months. Name a young ex-Village-folkie who comes as close to capturing the sheer joy of being alive in his songs, and we'll paint voluptuous nudes all over your van. If you think we're enthusiastic, you're right."

Rhino Handmade shares that anonymous copywriter's sentiments precisely.

Faithful Virtue: The Reprise Recordings is available as an individually-numbered limited edition of 3,000 copies.  by a few months, the album was an eclectic but low-key introduction to the solo career of a former group member whose band was known for more elaborate productions, and all the more effective for that. (John B. Sebastian was the subject of a legal dispute between MGM records and Reprise records, with Reprise winning out, although MGM briefly issued its own version of the LP, apparently taken from a second-generation master. The MGM version is sonically inferior to the Reprise one and has different artwork, but the contents of the two LPs are identical.)


AMG Review
John Sebastian has had a varied career as a singer, songwriter, and musician. As the leader of the folk-rock band the Lovin' Spoonful, he was responsible for a string of Top Ten hits in 1965-1967 that included the chart-toppers "Daydream" and "Summer in the City," and he returned to number one in 1976 as a solo artist with "Welcome Back." He wrote or co-wrote those hits as well as many others, along with songs used on Broadway and in the movies. And as an instrumentalist, primarily playing harmonica, he has accompanied a wide range of artists including Judy Collins, Crosby, Stills & Nash, the Doors, Bob Dylan, the Everly Brothers, Art Garfunkel, Gordon Lightfoot, Laura Nyro, Graham Parker, Dolly Parton, Peter, Paul & Mary, John Prine, and Bonnie Raitt.

Sebastian's father was a classical harmonica player, his mother a writer of radio shows. He grew up in Greenwich Village, where he applied the knowledge of the harmonica he gleaned from his father to the music of the folk revival that was taking place in his neighborhood in the late '50s and early '60s. By the age of 16, he was stepping onto the stages of coffeehouses and folk clubs, and by the age of 18 he was appearing as a sideman on recordings. In 1964, he joined the Even Dozen Jug Band, which made a self-titled album for Elektra Records before splitting up. He was also briefly in the Mugwumps, along with future Lovin' Spoonful guitarist Zal Yanovsky and future members of the Mamas and the Papas Cass Elliot and Denny Doherty. In the winter of 1964-1965, he and Yanovsky began assembling the quartet that would become the Lovin' Spoonful, eventually adding bass player Steve Boone and drummer Joe Butler. In the meantime, he continued his session work, including playing bass on Bob Dylan's first electric album, Bringing It All Back Home.

The Lovin' Spoonful signed to Kama Sutra Records (an offshoot of MGM Records) and in the summer of 1965 released their first single, "Do You Believe in Magic," on which he sang lead vocals (as he did on all the group's singles while he was a member, in addition to writing or co-writing all their hits). It peaked in the Top Ten, and so did its follow-up, "You Didn't Have to Be So Nice," while a Do You Believe in Magic album, released in the fall, spent eight months in the charts. The third Lovin' Spoonful single, "Daydream," was a number one hit, accompanied by a Daydream LP that reached the Top Ten. The group's fourth single, "Did You Ever Have to Make Up Your Mind?," had already appeared on Do You Believe in Magic, but that didn't keep it from reaching the Top Five, and the fifth single, the timely "Summer in the City," became a gold-selling number one hit upon its release in the summer of 1966. The next Lovin' Spoonful release was a soundtrack album for the Woody Allen film What's Up, Tiger Lily?, released in September. Then came their sixth consecutive Top Ten hit, "Rain on the Roof," followed by their seventh, "Nashville Cats," which reached its peak in January 1967, simultaneous with a Top 20 showing for the band's third album, Hums of the Lovin' Spoonful, which spent six months in the charts. In the spring, the Lovin' Spoonful scored a second motion picture, Francis Ford Coppola's You're a Big Boy Now, from which came their next single, the Top 20 hit "Darling, Be Home Soon." "Six O'Clock" gave them another Top 20 hit by June.

That summer, the band ran into difficulties. Yanovsky and Boone were arrested on drug charges, resulting in Yanovsky's departure from the group; his replacement was Jerry Yester. They also parted ways with their producer, Erik Jacobsen. "She's Still a Mystery" became their eleventh consecutive Top 20 hit in November, but Sebastian was becoming dissatisfied, and after completing a fourth LP, Everything Playing (which produced a minor chart entry in "Money"), released at the end of the year, he quit the band. During 1968, he began working on solo material, considering, but ultimately rejecting, an offer to join a trio of his friends who went on to become Crosby, Stills & Nash. He also wrote some songs used in a Broadway play, Jimmy Shine, starring Dustin Hoffman; among them was "She's a Lady," a minor chart entry for him at the end of 1968. That single was released on Kama Sutra, but Sebastian had determined to leave the label and he signed to Warner Bros. Records' Reprise subsidiary. Kama Sutra, however, felt he still owed them an album, and a legal battle ensued which delayed the release of his debut solo album for a year. Although Reprise won the right to release John B. Sebastian, and did so in January 1970, Kama Sutra's parent company, MGM, using second-generation tapes of the record in its possession, also put out its own version of the LP, which was then withdrawn.

In the meantime, Sebastian had made an inadvertent but memorable appearance at the Woodstock Festival in August 1969. Not scheduled to appear, but nevertheless present backstage (and somewhat the worse for wear due to recreational drug use), he was pressed into service during a set change and gave a brief, well-received performance. Hobbled by the MGM counterfeit, John B. Sebastian nevertheless managed to make the Top 20 in the spring of 1970 and Sebastian's solo career really took off when he was featured on the chart-topping Woodstock soundtrack album in May and in the documentary film that opened in August. Unfortunately, MGM wasn't through harassing him. The label obtained a tape of a concert he performed in July 1970 and released it under the title John Sebastian Live. Another legal battle ensued, and this album too was withdrawn. But Sebastian was determined to put out a competing album as well, and the result was Cheapo-Cheapo Productions Presents Real Live John Sebastian, released in March 1971. Both albums took advantage of the singer's iconic status as a rock festival favorite, brandishing his acoustic guitar, wearing a tie-dyed denim suit, and pleasing giant crowds at such Woodstock-like events as the Atlanta Pop Festival, the Isle of Wight Festival, and the Festival of Life in 1970-1971.

Sebastian released his second studio album, The Four of Us, in August 1971, featuring the ambitious title track, which took up all of side two; it sold disappointingly. Tarzana Kid, which followed in September 1974, missed the charts entirely, and Sebastian's recording career was virtually moribund when he was asked to write a theme song for a new television series, Welcome Back, Kotter, which premiered in September 1975. Sebastian was also heard singing his song, "Welcome Back," over the credits each week. Welcome Back, Kotter became a success, and Reprise released a single version of the song, which topped the charts in May 1976 and went gold. A Welcome Back LP also returned Sebastian to the album charts. But that disc completed his recording contract, and "Welcome Back" proved to be a one-off success rather than a real commercial comeback.

For the next 17 years, Sebastian performed concerts, made guest appearances on other artists' records, and did occasional soundtrack work. In 1993, the independent Shanachie Records label finally put out his fifth studio album, Tar Beach. He then teamed up with a group of old friends and returned to playing the jug band music he had started with back in Greenwich Village more than 30 years before, forming a group he called John Sebastian and the J-Band and issuing I Want My Roots (1996) and Chasin' Gus' Ghost (1999). As part of the Lovin' Spoonful, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2000. 

Discography

1970	 	John B. Sebastian	
1970	 	John Sebastian Live	 	MGM
1971	 	Cheapo-Cheapo Productions Presents Real Live 
1971	 	The Four of Us	 	Reprise
1974	 	Tarzana Kid	 	Reprise
1976	 	Welcome Back	 	Reprise
1982	 	Blues Harmonica	 	Homespun Tapes
1993	 	Tar Beach	 	Shanachie
1995	 	John Sebastian	 	Line
1996	 	I Want My Roots	 	Music Masters
1996	        King Biscuit Flower Hour [live]
1996	 	John Sebastian Teaches Beginning Blues 
1999	        Chasin' Gus' Ghost	 	Hollywood
2001	        One Guy, One Guitar [live]		


Track List

Disc-1

"John B. Sebastian"
1. Red-Eye Express
2. She's A Lady
3. What She Thinks About
4. Magical Connection
5. You're A Big Boy Now
6. Rainbows All Over Your Blues
7. How Have You Been
8. Baby, Don't Ya Get Crazy
9. The Room Nobody Lives In
10. Fa-Fana-Fa
11. I Had A Dream

"Cheapo-Cheapo Productions Presents Real Live"
12. Mobile Line (Gonna Carry Me Away From The Bull Frog Blues)
13. Lovin' You
14. Fishin' Blues
15. Younger Girl
16. Did You Ever Have To Make Up Your Mind
17. Rooty-Toot
18. In The Still Of The Night (I Remember Parris)
19. Teen Angel
20. Blue Suede Shoes
21. Ballad Of A Teenage Queen
22. Nashville Cats
23. Waiting For A Train
24. My Gal
25. Younger Generation
26. Darlin' Be Home Soon
27. Blues For Dad And JB's Happy Harmonica
28. Amy's Theme

Disc-2

1. Goodnight Irene

"The Four of Us"
2. Well, Well, Well
3. Black Snake Blues
4. I Don't Want Nobody Else
5. Apple Hill
6. Black Satin Kid
7. We'll See
8. Sweet Muse
9. The Four Of Us

"Single" 1974
10. Give Us A Break
11. Music For People Who Don't Speak English

"Tarzana Kid"
12. Sitting In Limbo
13. Friends Again
14. Dixie Chicken
15. Stories We Could Tell
16. Face Of Appalachia
17. Wild Wood Flower
18. Wild About My Lovin'
19. Singing The Blues
20. Sportin' Life
21. Harpoon

Disc-3

"Welcome Back"
1. Hideaway
2. She's Funny
3. You Go Your Way And I'll Go Mine
4. Didn't Wanna Have To Do It
5. One Step Forward, Two Steps Back
6. Welcome Back
7. I Needed Her Most When I Told Her To Go
8. A Song A Day In Nashville
9. Warm Baby
10. Let This Be Our Time To Get Along

"Live At Woodstock 1969"
11. How Have You Been
12. Rainbows All Over Your Blues
13. I Had A Dream

"Woodstock". Cotillon Album SD3-500
14. Darlin' Be Home Soon
15. Younger Generation

"Live At Winterland"
16. Sittin' On Top Of The World - (Live At Winterland)
17. Magical Connection - (Live At Winterland)
18. You're A Big Boy Now - (Live At Winterland)
19. I Found A Dream - (Live At Winterland)
20. I Found A Dream - (Live At Winterland)
21. Younger Girl - (Live At Winterland)