The events of Blade Runner, the game, take place in November 2019, precisely the time of Blade Runner, the film. The storyline itself is strikingly similar: You assume the role of Ray McCoy, a Blade Runner who hunts down a scourge of replicants hiding out in Los Angeles. The leader of this gang is a philosophical, brooding sort named Clovis who wants to find a way to extend his factory-provided four-year life span and sulks around, pointlessly quoting William Blake and steadfastly protecting his "family," a motley assortment of other replicants. One of Blade Runner's "constantly changing plot" elements is that, with repeated playings, different characters will be replicants. And McCoy may or may not be a replicant himself (a plot element that was subtly hinted at in Scott's film), and every character seems to say "What about you, McCoy?" at some point or another.

The story itself is relatively static, though the course of events is slightly altered by the choices you make throughout. Most of the major events will take place no matter how you play, though the ending and the last few scenes of the game will be different (there are over a dozen different endings, but they are slight variations on three major themes). The designers have chosen a strange way to affect the plot - your behavior in the game actually affects your fate. Sympathize with the replicants, and you will turn out to be one. Kill 'em all, and you'll find commendations from your superiors at the end (a strange sort of anti-Calvinist fatalism that can send the mind reeling if pondered too long). The strange thing about Blade Runner is that there's no real way to lose, just as long as you finish the game. Although it's an interesting structure, it has its inherent problems. To justify the number of wildly different endings, the designers have tried to keep some elements of the story very vague for the bulk of the story. But even with these safeguards, there are always a number of confusing contradictions and loose ends no matter how the story winds up. 