


  ??? ??? ??? ????
   ?  ? ? ??   ? ?  is back with:
   ?  ??? ??? ????

..::  Gods: Lands of Infinity S.E. (c) Strategy First ::..



:. Ripped .: 

music and intro vids, modificated to direct.play



:. About .:

 Ancient  world  of  Bellarion  struggles in the neverending
 war  of  Gods.  Conflict  has  aroused when Xarax, ruler of 
 Gods  of  Bellarion,  was  murdered.  Each of the remaining
 Gods  claimed  the  right for the Divine Throne. After many
 quarrels,  they  all  agreed  that  they should arrange the
 Ultimate  Challenge in which all the Gods would cross their
 powers to show who is the most powerful to rule them all.
 But  the  Gods  who failed were still not willing to submit
 to  the winner. They summoned their armies and attacked the
 worshipers   of   other   Gods.  By  the  deaths  of  their
 worshipers, Gods lost part of their power and weakened.
 This deed could not have been left without reply.

 After  2000 years of battles, Bellarion lies in ruins. Vast 
 black  deserts  of  ashes,  chasms  sinking  into the lava,
 earth  torn  and  frozen into the lifeless glacier ¹ thatãs
 what  most  of  Bellarion  remained. Gods with their armies 
 fortified  in  the  heavily protected fortresses and sealed
 their  territories with deadly magic traps. All those years
 the battle was drawn. Nobody could win. Untill...

 The  God  of  Darkness,  Mortagorn, found a new weapon. 
 New Clerics from his castles appeared in the battlefields.
 Each  of them armed with a pale crystal at the end of their
 staves.  When  a cold light shone at the direction of their
 enemies,  soldiers  just  fell  dead to the ground. 
 Neither magical nor physical protection was effective.

 As  the  last  hope,  Arswaargh,  the  God of Fire, created 
 Vivien  from  his  own astral body and sent her through the
 space  and  time  to seek other worlds where there might be
 the counter-weapon he needed.

 The  game starts when Vivien opens her eyes in the world of
 Antasion,  completely  unknown for her. Unfortunately, when
 Vivien  traveled  through  the  magical  portal  to another
 world,  she  disrupted  the divine balance of the new world
 and  her  own  divine essence was scattered into sparks and
 absorbed  equally  by  the  gods  of  Antasion. Without her
 divine  essence,  Vivien  becomes  a  mortal being as other
 inhabitants  of  Antasion.  She  must seek the Gods of this
 new  world, gain back her power and seek the counter-weapon
 against Mortagornãs death crystals.   

:. review .: 

www.gamespot.com < or > www.tothegame.com


:. Install .:

1.: Unrar and double click on ' _SETGAME.exe '
2.: enjoy!



Special Info Note:

Some virus-scanner recognize the header of packed exe's as a lame virus 

(coz it's the mostly byte by byte check error of 'em!.(heuristic))

This is truly a false information!,  a so called false positive, you can read 

more about in your VirusTool-Manual or WebSite!.

