Doctor Who 2007 series 3 episode 12 The Sound of Drums

From the BBC website:
(http://www.bbc.co.uk/doctorwho/episodes/2007/312.shtml)

Written by - Russell T Davies
Director - Colin Teague

CAST:
The Doctor - David Tennant
Martha Jones - Freema Agyeman
Captain Jack Harkness - John Barrowman

Harry Saxon - John Simm
Lucy Saxon - Alexandra Moen
Francine Jones - Adjoa Andoh
Clive Jones - Trevor Laird
Leo Jones - Reggie Yates
Tish Jones - Gugu Mbatha-Raw
Sinister Woman - Elize Du Toit
US President - Colin Stinton
Vivien Rook - Nichola Mcauliffe
Albert Dumfries - Nicholas Gecks
Sharon Osbourne - Herself
McFly - Themselves
Ann Widdecombe - Herself
BBC Newsreader - Olivia Hill
US Newsreader - Lachele Carl
Chinese Newsreader - Daniel Ming

RATINGS:
Overnight: TBA
Final: TBA
Audience Appreciation: TBA

DID YOU KNOW?:

Voodoo Child by Rogue Traders got to No.3 in the UK charts in 2005. The song contains the lyrics, 'So here it comes, the sound of drums. Here come the drums, here come the drums!'

Winters is the second US President that the Doctor has seen killed. A photo seen in Rose implies that he also witnessed the assassination of JFK in 1963.

Popular in the Southern United States, Grits is a type of maize porridge which is traditionally served at breakfast.

When the Master introduces Martha to her captive family, he does so in the style of the fondly remembered show This is Your Life.

CLASSIC CONNECTIONS:

Teletubbies isn't the only children's programme that the Master has enjoyed. In The Sea Devils, he whistled happily along with The Clangers!
The War Games episode 10 featured the very first appearance of the Time Lords in Doctor Who. Here, they wore simple black and white garments like the one worn by the young Master. The opulent robes worn by the senior Time Lords were first seen in The Deadly Assassin.

Time Lords love jelly babies. The second Doctor had a bag of them as early as The Three Doctors, and they were a favourite snack of his fourth incarnation. The Master has never displayed a fondness for the sugary treats until now.

The Doctor also suffered problems with premature aging in The Leisure Hive, when a sabotaged machine caused him to age decades in seconds.

"Peoples of the Earth, please attend carefully" is a very similar to a famous line spoken by the Master in Logopolis: 'People of the Universe, please attend carefully.' The Master may be an insane psychopath, but you can't fault his manners.

Fact File compiled by Peter Ware.

[HerMes Digital Media]