The Offspring: Dexter Holland (vocals); Noodles (guitar); Greg K (bass guitar); Ron Welty (drums). Additional personnel include: Redman (vocals); Josh Freese (drums); Def Leppard (background vocals). Recording information: 1994 - 2005.

Plenty of SoCal punk diehards decried The Offspring to be "sellouts" when they leapt from cherished indie Epitaph to the major-label stables at Columbia Records. But one listen to this GREATEST HITS compilation points to a band that was never destined to stay underground for long. In crafting clever pop-punk that addressed the concerns of teen skate-punks everywhere, this California quartet cranked out radio-friendly cuts every bit as viable as anything peers like Green Day and Blink 182 were producing during the same time period. Social observations not only poked fun at suburban kids affecting inner-city mannerisms ("Pretty Fly [For a White Guy]"), but gold diggers ("Why Don't You Get a Job?") and the lost opportunities of a younger generation ("The Kids Aren't All right").

The sing-along choruses and irresistible bassline of "Self Esteem" succinctly paint an all-too familiar picture of lovelorn guys getting played by manipulative gals. And there's no denying the chunky, Middle Eastern-flavored hooks that made "Come Out and Play (Keep 'Em Separated)" such a ubiquitous presence on mid-'90s airwaves. A hidden bonus cover of The Police's "Next to You" tops off this superb compilation from one of the most successful and likeable acts of the mid-'90s punk-pop scene.

Category Rock/Pop, Rock, Punk
Label Columbia (USA) 
Orig Year 2005 
Discs 1 
Street Date Jun 21, 2005 
Studio/Live Studio 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Producer Jerry Finn; Thom Wilson; Dave Jerden 

Track Listing
 
  1. Can't Repeat
  2. Come Out & Play (Keep 'Em Separated) 
  3. Self Esteem 
  4. Gotta Get Away 
  5. All I Want 
  6. Gone Away 
  7. Pretty Fly (For A White Guy) 
  8. Why Don't You Get A Job? 
  9. Kids Aren't Alright, The 
  10. Original Prankster 
  11. Want You Bad 
  12. Defy You 
  13. Hit That 
  14. Head Around You (Can't Get My)

Enjoy! and please seed..
Ekolb