!! Important : The file 4updates.txt contains username + password so updates will be available !!

The new Panda Internet Security 2007 offers the most complete protection so you can use the Internet with absolute peace of mind. It prevents data theft (login details, credit card numbers, etc.) and protects you from other Internet threats, such as viruses, spyware, hackers and online fraud. 

Also includes:

- Panda Antivirus 
- Panda AntiSpyware 
- Panda Firewall 
- Panda Identity Protect 
- Panda AntiSpam 
- Panda Parental Control 



 
 
 

The maximum antivirus, anti-spyware and anti-phishing protection. Protect your PC against identity theft:


 Panda Identity Protect 

Secures your personal data
Personal data theft (account and credit card numbers, login details, etc.) is becoming a major threat to your security. With Panda Internet Security 2007, no one can access your data without your permission.


 Latest generation antivirus 

Automatically detects and eliminates all types of viruses
Viruses, worms, and Trojans have evolved and multiplied. Now they are designed to infect without you noticing. Panda Internet Security 2007 automatically blocks and eliminates them to keep your PC virus-free..


 Personal firewall 

Blocks hackers and intruders
Hackers are constantly finding new ways to attack computers. Panda Internet Security 2007 blocks them and turns your PC into a fortress, preventing programs from secretly connecting to the Internet without your approval..



 Award-winning AntiSpyware 

Keeps your Internet activity private
Spyware watches what you do on the Internet and then displays annoying pop-up ads, slows down your PC, etc. Panda Internet Security 2007 protects your privacy and stops the irritating effects of spyware.


 Online fraud protection 

Bank and shop online with complete peace of mind
New sophisticated fraud techniques are designed to trick you into revealing personal information, such as bank details, to steal your money.  Panda Internet Security 2007 fights new scams so you can bank and shop online without the worries.. 


 AntiSpam 

Automatic blocking of junk mail
Keep your inbox clean and organized without wasting time reading and deleting junk mail.. 


 Parental control 

Restricts access to inappropriate websites
Let your kids use the Internet without the worry of exposing them to inappropriate websites.




 Automatic daily updates 

The product is automatically updated, at least once a day, to protect you against viruses, spyware and other threats.



 Installation requirements: 

Processor: Pentium 300 MHz or faster
RAM: 128 MB (256 MB recommended).
Hard disk: 160 MB free space 
Operating system: Windows XP, Windows 2000 Pro, Windows Me, Windows 98
Internet Explorer 5.01
CD-ROM drive 



Note : PLEASE SEED !
