Adobe AI Traffic Pack 4.6

Thanks to 747Virgin and MoBig for the great usenet posts.

This installer is in Korean. If you cannot read Korean refer to the JPG's. 

If you do not have Adobe AI Traffic Pack 4.4 (full with TANTRiS GA+Mil Addon) it is highly recommended you download that pack also.

From the description from usenet for Traffic Pack 4.4:

Check this out.  I have used EVERY single commercial AI traffic 
package out there: Ultimate Traffic, Traffic 2005, MyTraffic 2004, 
Military AI Traffic, LiveTraffic, blah blah blah.  But last time I 
re-installed FS9, I decided to do something different and take a 
chance on a little freeware package that I had heard about on the 
Avsim forums: the Adobe AI Traffic Package.

AVSIM buried all the posts about it because some enterprising 
Koreans (bless 'em) had put together what was supposedly the finest 
traffic package with only the best, most frame-rate friendly models 
and called it "Adobe AI" (they also made an addon for GA and 
Military Traffic called the "Tantris" package).  The AVSIM forum 
moderators buried all this info because these Koreans had used all 
the best models from AI-Aardvark and other freeware AI packages and 
stuck them together into one, no-brainer installation.  To me, this 
made sense as for years the only way to get these kinds of models 
into FS9 was to learn all this complicated AI scripting and copying-
and-pasting of AI flight plans, creating bunches of subfolders, 
editing config files.... that's why most people didn't do it and 
opted for a simpler commercial traffic package. The people at 
ProjectAI, AI-Aardvark screamed bloody murder that their creativity 
was being violated; I just thought that it was great the vast 
majority could finally use all those great models without having to 
attain a Ph.D. in FS9 trafficology. :)

Anyway, since my install was fresh and there wasn't any risk of 
messing a bunch of stuff up, I installed the Adobe package.

Oh my god... it was night and day compared to ANY of the commercial 
traffic packages.  The traffic was wide and varied, the models were 
of a quality I had never seen, and I had MORE traffic at every 
airport than I had with any of the commercial packages.  I have to 
tell you: everytime you see a screenshot with fantastic AI on the 
screenshot forums, I can assure you that those people are using the 
Adobe traffic package.  It's a well-kept secret and no one gives it 
away since the subject was buried.

I don't use anything else; and I guarantee you -- if you've had 
experience with other packages -- that you won't need anything else.  
And, amazingly, it's free, simple to install, and no headaches. My 
hunch is that it wasn't just the freeware AI model creators that 
went nuts; it was the commercial AI developers who put pressure on 
AVSIM to kill all posts with any links to Adobe AI. :)  Yes, 
Martha... developers do that and AVSIM caves in to that stuff. 

Long post. :)  Hope it helps.

Regards,

- Mo.
	
