SnagIt Features Overview 
All the screen capture and editing functionality you\'ll ever need, in one simply powerful program.

Using SnagIt, you can select and capture anything on your screen, then easily add text, arrows, or effects, and save the capture to a file or share it immediately by e-mail or IM.

Capture Anything
With SnagIt, capturing anything on your screen is just a few clicks away. SnagIt is easy to use but powerful enough to handle all of your custom screen capture and editing tasks.

What To Capture

This brief review of just a few of SnagIt\'s most commonly used screen capture modes can help you choose the best one for the task at hand:

Region Capture

Select a specific rectangular region of the screen that you want to capture. Quickly capture an image, or part of a Web page, to edit and share.

Scrolling Window Capture

Capture all of the contents of any window or Web page that has a scrollbar. SnagIt automatically scrolls the window during the screen capture, so you get all of the images and text in the window. This capture mode is perfect for saving those long articles you find online for easy reference later.

Menu Capture

Capture a single menu or cascading (multiple-layer) menus from Windows applications. This mode is particularly valuable for those who work in technical support or documentation.

Video Capture

Capture a short video of your own desktop activity. With SnagIt in this mode, you can make quick tutorial videos to share with others.

Text Capture

Capture text from your screen â?? especially text that you can\'t easily copy and paste. Using this mode, you can also capture file lists from Windows Explorer, and the lists become editable. This is a convenient technique for creating lists of tracks from CDs that you have stored digitally, for example.

Web Page Capture

Enter a URL and automatically capture all of the images, video and audio files from a Web site. In this screen capture mode, you can also choose the file types (.doc, .ppt, .xls, etc.) you want to download from the site.

SnagIt offers other, more advanced, screen capture types as well. Check out SnagIt\'s features list to see all of SnagIt\'s capture modes. 

Capture Profiles

Choosing the screen capture options for complex tasks can be time-consuming. But, if you use a certain combination of screen capture settings often, you can save them in a custom profile. There are a few default profiles installed with SnagIt to get you started, and it\'s easy to create new ones. You can even assign a keyboard (hotkey) combination to each of your profiles, keeping your most common captures right at your fingertips.

Pre-Capture Effects

If you know before you take your screen captures that you want them to have a particular border or a certain resolution, you can select these options from SnagIt\'s Effects menu before you take the screen capture. Then, after capture, the effects will be automatically applied. This is a great way to quickly get a consistent look across repeated screen captures.

Options

SnagIt offers a few additional screen capture options to make the capture process easier and to help you explain things more clearly. These options allow you to:

Include the cursor in your screen capture to show a viewer where to click 
Set up a time-delayed screen capture 
Keep the links on a Web page capture intact 
Select multiple areas to capture 
Turn the Preview Window on or off 

Greetz Devin Ps A.am a Dutch Guy And This Is My First Upload An I.m 15 Years Old