Mugen Fighting Jam V1 by Sechs - Unpackages to about a DVD

MFJ is a complete 2d fighting Game game with:

*474 Characters individually handpicked and tested. (yes, every single one)
*Many rare and celebrity characters
*An ORGANIZED Select Screen
*Bonus Stages
*A REAL Arcade Mode with bosses and bonus stages 
*63 Stages (decent ones, not crappy ones)
*A custom sound track. (Evenesvence, Busta Rhymes, A Perfect Circle, The Minibosses, The Deftones, Devil May Cry 3, Linkin Park, Dead or Alive 2, Gitaroo Man, Dir En Grey, etc.....)
*Customization tools with the package. Don't like a stage bgm, change it...

To Be Added in V2:

*Unlockable Characters (bosses)
*a set-up program instead of a rar file
*More bug testing to be done for this version

Q&A:

Q - What is MUGEN?
A - MUGEN is a customization fighting game engine

Q - What is Mugen Fighting Jam?
A - A Premade Mugen Fighting Game using the AWESOME MFG screenpack for it

Q - Why make a premade one, isn't finding stuff to make your own part of the fun?
A - In a word... no. It's streuous and some chars are'nt even online anymore. That's why MFG exists. For noobs and normal folk that don't want to miss out on the MUGEN craze.

Q - Is this Illegal?
A - No, it's alright

Q - Are'nt prepackaged games againist the mugen community rules...
A - Yes and No, theres alot of grey line there so I'm not bothering with it.

Q - I think MFG is awesome and want to join the team
A - There's just me working on it for now. If you want to help out in some way than e-mail me and I'll let you know what's up

Q - I have just a few suggestions for it
A - same thing, just e-mail me

Q - This SOUNDTRACK/CHAR/STAGE SUCKS remove it from the pack!!!
A - e-mail me and if I don't agree then you can remove it from your game using the tools I included

Q - How do I change the background music
A - By copying the mp3 to the sound folder, opening the stageviewer (in the configurating mugen folder), selecting the stage, going to (Options > Change Music) and selecting that mp3

Q - How do I add a char/stage to it
A - Mugen Windows Configurator should be able to do it just add it to that specific folder and click add (char/stage) and doyuble click on the def file. Just remember to delete the randomselect if it's a char

Q - MFG isn't working!!!!
A - you can get it to your pcs specs by going to the config option in mugen windows configurator. That's why I included it

shanlot751@gmail.com