TITLE    :  Active Directory Cookbook for Windows Server 2003 and Windows 2000                                                   
AUTHOR   :  Robbie Allen
PUBLISHER:  O'Reilly & Associates
ISBN     :  0596004648             MAKER    :  TEAM LiB
PAGES    :  622 Pages              PACKAGER :  TEAM LiB
EDITION  :  September 23, 2003     SUPPLIER :  TEAM LiB
LANGUAGE :  ENGLISH                FORMAT   :  CHM
RELEASE  :  11/10/03               SIZE     :  1.00 MB
                                                                             
  [Product Information]                                                      
                                                                             
    Those of you who run networks on Windows 2000 know the benefits of       
    using Active Directory for managing user information and permissions.    
    You also know what a bear it can be. The newer version included with     
    Windows Server 2003 has over 100 new and updated features to simplify    
    deployment, but once it's in place many system administrators still      
    find Active Directory challenging. If you're among those looking for     
    practical hands-on support, help is here with our new Active Directory   
    Cookbook, a unique problem-solving guide that offers quick answers for   
    both versions of the directory.                                          
                                                                             
    The book contains hundreds of step-by-step solutions for both common     
    and uncommon problems that you might encounter with Active Directory     
    on a daily basis--including recipes to deal with the Lightweight         
    Directory Access Protocol (LDAP), multi-master replication, Domain       
    Name System (DNS), Group Policy, the Active Directory Schema, and many   
    other features. Author Robbie Allen, a Senior Systems Architect at       
    Cisco Systems and co-author of our Active Directory tutorial, based      
    this collection of troubleshooting recipes on his own experience,        
    along with input from Windows administrators throughout the industry.    
    Each recipe includes a discussion to explain how and why the solution    
    works, so you can adapt the problem-solving techniques to similar        
    situations.                                                              
                                                                             
    If your company is considering an upgrade from Windows NT or 2000 to     
    Windows Server 2003, the Active Directory Cookbook will help reduce      
    the time and trouble it takes to configure and deploy Active Directory   
    for your network.                                                        
                                                                             
    This Cookbook is also a perfect companion to Active Directory, the       
    tutorial that experts hail as the best source for understanding          
    Microsoft's network directory service. While Active Directory provides   
    the big picture, Active Directory Cookbook gives you the quick           
    solutions you need to cope with day-to-day dilemmas. Together, these     
    books supply the knowledge and tools so you can get the most out of      
    Active Directory to manage users, groups, computers, domains,            
    organizational units, and security policies on your network.