Keshet Broadcasting Ltd., Israel’s leading broadcasting group, will air next week one of the most prestige productions in the history of Israeli television: The Ambassador. 14 participants will compete for a one year tenure of a Media and advocacy director in the international organization “Israel at Heart” based in NYC.

 

Over a period of 12 weeks the participants will take part in fascinating tasks filmed all over the world. The tasks, which were developed by Keshet’s producers and top media and communication specialists, aim to test the participant’s abilities in Public speaking, oratory abilities, communications, general knowledge, diplomacy, international affairs and working under pressure.

 

The tasks will be filmed in the UK, Washington DC, New York, Britain and France.

 

In the end of every episode the participants which preformed the weakest talent will be called to the Board room where the show’s executive board will make a thrall investigation and decide who will surrender his brief and go home. The executive board includes: Former Head of Israel’s secret service, Mr. Yaakov Peri, Former IDF Spokesperson, Mr. Nachman Shai and Israeli Channel 2’s chief political correspondent, Mrs. Rina matzliah.

 

The participants who will make it thru the 12 weeks will fly to New York and will act as “Israel at Heart’s" Media and Communications Director.

 


Over the last two years the organization has sent hundred of Israeli students to speak at college campuses and universities around the US, Europe and South America and has initiated international media activity. In addition, the organization has sent representatives to the European council discussions in Brussels and a mission to the protest in front of the int’l court in the Hague.

 

The winner in the show will act from the organization’s headquarters in NYC and will represent the organization in front of the American media, the student bodies, Jewish organizations, will participate in meetings with members of congress and key political figures and coordinate actions with other Jewish organizations.
