The Mobile Homes (1998)
	
Genre:		Electronic
Style:		Synth-pop

Producer - Karl Bartos
Notes:	Written and produced by Mobile Homes and Karl Bartos. Mixed by Mathias Black at Skyline Studio, Düsseldorf.



    Media dubbed Mobile Homes "the Swedish Depeche Mode", probably because Depeche Mode was the only international synth band they knew of, and Mobile Homes was the only Swedish synth band they knew of. Well, naturally, there are some similarities, since most synth bands today are more or less influenced by these giants, but musically they're a lot closer to German bands like Camouflage and De/Vision, maybe with a few hints of Depeche Mode 86 - 89 or so. 

    It seems band is constantly unhappy about things, whining and feeling sorry for themselves, complaining about lost love, the polluted environment, the cold modern society or just life in general (or even the weather). Their particular kind of whining can be liked though. Sometimes they over-do it, but it's mostly good and works with the genre. Other strong features of the band are the melodies and synth sounds. 

Similar Artists: Camouflage, Depeche Mode, De/Vision, Electronic, Float, Kiethevez, Kliche, New Order, The Other Two, Statemachine, Static Icon

*** HINT: One of the guys from the band Mobile Homes is working on a solo project called "Betongprojekt Andreas Brun" and all songs are freely downloadable at http://www.betongprojektab.se/musik.asp




Tracklisting:
1 	  	United (4:25)
2 	  	You Make The Sun Shine (4:22)
3 	  	See The World (4:22)
4 	  	Definitely Wrong (4:33)
5 	  	Love Relation (4:22)
6 	  	Take It Or Leave It (4:55)
7 	  	String Of Light (4:20)
8 	  	Paradise (4:46)
9 	  	I Do What I Can (3:45)
10 	  	United (Reprise) (2:50)
11 	  	Circle Of Stars (5:26)

Tracks 5, 9 and 11 are electronic tracks more or less in Bartos-style, but the rest are softer acoustic tracks with guitar and drums.




Encoded with lame 3.97 -V4 --vbr-new (~170 kbit/s) and should be close to perceptual transparency.


Kids, always remember Xenu is your friend.
www.xenu.net

