Want to know the truth about Jewish Supremacism in their own words?

Anti-Semitism and Jewish chauvinism can only be fought simultaneously.? ?Israel Shahak, holocaust survivor and Israeli Peace Activist

Jewish Supremacism ?the Author?s Preface

I promise that this book will challenge you. Its amazing documentary evidence will confront some of your most cherished beliefs.

If you can put aside as best you can the prejudices you may have on this subject and even preconceptions you might have about me personally ? you can more fairly evaluate the ideas and evidence in this book. That is all an author can ask of his reader; and I ask it of you. It is my earnest belief that if you endeavor to keep an open mind, what you read will surprise you.

The real power of this book comes from its documentation from major sources. In fact, you will quickly discover that most of my documents about Jewish Supremacism are from Jewish sources. They argue more convincingly for my point of view than anything I could write. I encourage you to go to the sources that I quote and check them out for yourself. In this book I take you along with me on a fascinating journey of discovery in a forbidden subject. I urge you to courageously keep an open mind while you explore the topics ahead, for that is the only way any of us can find the truth.

??????????????????????????-

Some will defame this book by calling it anti-Semitic. Yet, it is not considered anti-American to examine historical mistreatment of Indians. No one calls it anti-Christian to talk about the excesses of the Inquisition. No one says that it is anti-Muslim to examine extreme elements within Muslim fundamentalism. Is one considered anti-White for documenting the history of Jim Crow in the South?

This book is not anti-Semitic; it simply examines and documents elements of ethnic supremacism that have existed in the Jewish community from historical to modern times.

Any criticism of Jewish Supremacism is immediately condemned as ?anti-Semitism.? The chronic media recital of the horrors of the Holocaust has made the term ?anti-Semitic? morally equivalent to the endorsement of mass murder. The word itself shuts down reason and evokes heat rather than light. The word is flagrantly overused; it is even used against those who simply protest Israeli human rights violations against Palestinians.

I am reluctant to begin my book by saying what it is not. The media climate, however, forces me to do so.

Due to the overwhelming power of the media to distort what I say and write, I will state emphatically here and now that I do not oppose all Jews, any more than an author examining the excesses of the Inquisition opposes all Christians. Specifically, Jewish Supremacism examines a long record of Jewish supremacist ideology and history that have had a powerful and damaging effect on both the Jewish and Gentile world.

I will be the first to acknowledge that not all Jews support or share in this supremacism. In fact, a number of courageous Jews suffer greatly for opposing it. This book is dedicated to the memory of one of them: an Israeli Professor, Dr. Israel Shahak, who recently passed away. Dr. Shahak believed that Jewish Supremacism has greatly harmed the Palestinian people as well as the non-Jewish community the world over. He offered strong evidence that Jewish radicals have waged an unrelenting ethnic war against Gentiles since the days of their sojourn in Egypt. Dr. Shahak believed that this extreme chauvinism has helped bring about centuries of repeated anti-Semitic reactions, ranging from the pogroms of Pharaoh to the horrors of what is now called the Holocaust. He persuasively argued that unless both Jews and Gentiles courageously stand up against this supremacist agenda and its power, it will continue to pose a severe danger to Jews and Gentiles alike.

This book is ultimately about lessening both the dangers and the hatreds between our peoples. This cannot happen until both Jews and Gentiles hear the other side of the Jewish Question, a point of view currently forbidden in the modern world.

???????????????????????????

As I write these lines, I sit on a mountain in the Colorado Rockies named after the Aspen tree, whose shade I now enjoy. Its cylindrical leaves turn easily in the cool breeze, reflecting the sunlight and affording me a magical image. Through those glittering leaves I can see snow capped peaks on the horizon. The sight pleases both my eyes and my soul. From this mystic place, I cannot see a single human being; only the magnificence of Nature fills my eyes. Questions of politics, culture, religion, nationalities, ethnicity and race seem far away from here. From this vantage point the world and even Nature herself appear serene. Yet, when I look closely at the scenic beauty of Nature, I can see conflict and war that far eclipses even the worst turmoil found in mankind.

Here on this mountain a never-ending struggle rages of element against element and species against species. The wind, rain and snow will someday level these great mountains of rock. Even the flowing stream, the ultimate symbol of serenity for many people, violently fights for its life of movement against the mountain. Indeed, in time this great mountain will eventually succumb to even the tiniest rivulets of water and the other erosions of Nature.

As I write in my notebook, two ants approach a peach pit on the rock beside me. One ant is larger and very differently equipped than the other. He has his way over the smaller one, but the vanquished creature runs back to his kingdom to report the great store of sweet food. His relatives will seek to return to the treasure before their competitors. The two tiny breeds might even go to war over the morsel. My eyes open to the war waged all around me.

On this mountain, the trees, bushes and grasses compete for the sunlight and life itself. Smaller birds keep wary eyes out for hawks. The flora and fauna face the danger of death from the insects and parasites seeking to consume them. Even within every life form, a microscopic war rages. The more closely one looks, the more intense the battle. In one cubic meter of life, there are more living creatures injured, killed, eaten or even exploited and enslaved than all the numbers of human beings on earth who have faced a similar fate. Biologists could offer endless examples of the never-ending battle for life and dominance between life forms, enough to fill a million books the size of this one.

Yet, oddly, it is this brutal struggle of survival waged over a billion years that produced the serene beauty that so touches my heart as I look out from this high place. So, perhaps this mountain is not so unlike the eternal battles among humankind. The historical struggle between human races has played a powerful role in our human evolution just as it has for all life forms throughout the Natural World. Its result for humanity is no less breathtaking than the view from this mountain. It produced a higher humanity that has given us the art of DaVinci?s Madonna and Child, the ultimate expressions of sublime love found in Shakespeare?s Romeo and Juliet or Keats? Ode On a Grecian Urn.

The eternal struggle created the evolutionary advances that enabled our kind to put our footprints on the moon. It is still hard to grasp that human beings have walked on another world and actually traveled to the golden orb of light that mankind has gazed up at with wonder for millennia. Could these things have been achieved without the evolutionary struggle for life and dominance that has driven us upward? An argument can surely be made that it is this life and death struggle for evolutionary fitness that produced the beautiful and ultimate forms of love and achievement that in turn give us meaning. This struggle created the beauty in mankind and the glory of its creations, just as a seemingly cruel Nature created the stark splendor seen on this mountain I love.

So perhaps, up here surrounded by a magnificent portrait of Nature, I am not in a world very far removed from the human conflicts down below. Most people see the seemingly serene vistas of Nature and never guess the war that rages underneath its aesthetic canopy. There are also those who are unaware of the racial and ethnic wars boiling both on and under the surface of humanity.

Although we fantasize about the peace-loving nature of human beings, most of human history is a record of tribal, ethnic, or racial war of one kind or another. For instance, the most read book on earth, the Bible, records the bloody history of the conflict between the Israelites and the other peoples of the Middle Eastern region. It tells glorious stories of war and shocking accounts of genocide. Anyone who reads the Old Testament with unbiased eyes will readily discern its dominant theme of racial and ethnic supremacism. There are many blatant expressions of ethnic supremacism:

    * Israelites are a ?chosen people,? chosen by God above all the other peoples of the world. 2
    * Israelites have a right to rule over all other people and are promised that they will someday own and rule over the whole world.3
    * Israelites boast of genocide against whole peoples and kingdoms.4
    * Israelites are commanded to murder all the people of the lands where they intend to live and to kill all the people of foreign nations that do not submit themselves in slavery. 5
    * Israelites are forbidden to make slaves of their own people, but are encouraged to enslave non-Israelites whom they may pass down as slaves to their descendants forever. 6
    * Israelites are forbidden to intermarry or ?mix their seed? with other peoples. 7

Few people dare to even acknowledge the blatant racial supremacism of the Bible. And those who become aware of the extreme Jewish Supremacism in the Old Testament tend to believe that such sentiments are relegated to ancient times and have no influence on the present. Jewish Supremacism, however, shows that the powerful ethnocentrism of ancient Judaism has continued to thrive to the modern day. I will offer compelling evidence that Jewish Supremacism has a dramatic and increasing effect on world events.

It can be said that I as a Christian also revere the same Old Testament books of supremacy. The difference, of course, is that the Christian New Testament represents a profound shift from the Old. In place of an ?eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth,? Jesus Christ taught ?turn the other cheek.? In contrast to Jewish Supremacism, Christianity offers universal salvation.

Judaism bitterly rejected Jesus Christ and has never enjoyed his teachings of love and toleration. In fact, not only did the Jewish high priests pursue the crucifixion of Jesus Christ, these leaders guided their faith in the opposite ideological direction. It can be said that in addition to the crucifixion of Christ?s body, they killed his spirit in their own hearts.

It would be wrong to hate or persecute present day Jews because of the role of Jewish leaders in the crucifixion of Jesus Christ, but it is important to understand the ideological, religious and ethnic war born during those times.

From the earliest days of Christianity, Jewry became its chief persecutor, for they saw the Christian salvation of both ?Jew and Greek? as a threat to their ethnic purity and supremacism. It should be said that Judaism is also diametrically opposed to the Muslim faith, which like Christianity also has been interpreted as a universal message. Not only did they oppose Jesus when he walked among them, they mercilessly persecuted his followers, the early Christians.

    Yet for fear of the Jews no one spoke openly of him (John 7:13)8

    . . .for you suffered like things of your own countrymen as they did from the Jews, who killed both the Lord Jesus and the prophets, and drove us out and displease God, and oppose all men (1 Thessalonians 2:14-16) 9

Over the next few centuries, they codified Jewish oral tradition and adopted the Babylonian Talmud as their most important religious text. According to the Universal Jewish Encyclopedia, it even supercedes the Torah in authority. As Jesus Christ represents an evolution of greater love and tolerance, the Talmud only intensified the Torah?s chauvinism. I will thoroughly document this fact from Jewish texts themselves and through quotes from major Jewish scholars who discuss the Talmud?s meaning. The Talmud?s unashamed and frequent references to non-Jews as animals and ?supernal refuse,? as well as accounts of boiling their enemies in semen and excrement might even have made Hitler blush.

I will prove this controversial statement in this book and even show how mainstream Judaic authorities, such as uncensored editions of another major Jewish resource, the Jewish Encyclopedia, confirm the Talmud?s hateful anti-Gentile teachings. I will also show that rabid anti-Gentile teachings are still promoted in modern times by many of the largest Jewish publications, such as the most popular Jewish newspaper in the United States, The Jewish Press. It sets the tone of Jewish religious and cultural attitudes more than any other newspaper.

One of its primary religious authorities is Rabbi Simcha Cohen, who has an instructional Dear Abby type of column called Halachic Questions. Not long ago, Rabbi Cohen instructed his readers that the Talmud denotes Gentiles as ?animals? (as outlined by Talmudic writings from Gemara Kiddushin 68a and Metzia 114b). In another section he discusses how a Jewish woman is not designated as a prostitute if she has premarital sex with a Jew, but she is a whore if she has any sexual relations with a Gentile, even if she is married.

    Marriage to a Gentile can never be sanctified or condoned, such a liaison classifies the woman as a zona?common parlance interprets the term zona to refer to a prostitute?. 14

Another major Jewish publication, the Jewish Chronicle, in an article called ?Some Carefully and Carelessly Chosen Words,? reveals that the Jewish word for Gentile woman is the offensive Yiddish word shiksa - meaning ?whore,? from the Hebrew root, sheigetz (?abomination?). It also pointed out that a little Gentile girl is called shikselke, meaning ?little female abomination.? 15

    Shiksa - the Jewish term for a Gentile woman, from the root word sheigetz meaning ?abomination? or ?whore.?
    Shikselke - a Gentile little girl, meaning ?little female abomination.?

How would Jews and the media react if Gentiles casually referred to Jewish women and little girls as ?Jewish whores? and ?little Jewish whores?? What would happen to any politician or entertainer in the world who referred to Jewish women and little girls as Jewish whores? Am I now supposed to be called an anti-Semite because I simply dare to expose such hateful anti-Gentilism proven in the two most influential Jewish newspapers in America?

The Talmud?s extreme supremacist teachings have certainly been a powerful factor in preventing assimilation of the Jewish people with the Christian and Muslim communities. Even though Jews have lived as only a small minority in Gentile nations for more than 3000 years, major Jewish geneticists and anthropologists proudly assert that Jews have preserved their distinctive genetic identity. I will show how supremacist doctrines of fear and hatred of Gentiles, along with notions of Jewish superiority, are carefully instilled in every generation. Every young Jew learns of the perfidious nature of the Gentiles from Pharaoh to Hitler. They are taught - and many believe - that they are the ?chosen of God,? which may be the ultimate expression of ethnic superiority.

For, those who still want to think Jewish Supremacism is a phenomenon of ancient Biblical times, read the following words of Dr. Stephen Steinlight, one of the leading Jews in America, who wrote these comments in October of 2001. Steinlight is no minor Jewish figure. He served for five years as the Director of National Affairs (domestic policy) in the most powerful and respected Jewish organization in the United States, the American Jewish Committee. Steinlight confesses the rampant Jewish supremacism and disloyalty to America that permeates the American Jewish community.

    ?I?ll confess it, at least, like thousands of other typical Jewish kids of my generation, I was reared as a Jewish nationalist, even a quasi-separatist. Every summer for two months for 10 formative years during my childhood and adolescence I attended Jewish summer camp. There, each morning, I saluted a foreign flag, dressed in a uniform reflecting its colors, sang a foreign national anthem, learned a foreign language, learned foreign folk songs and dances, and was taught that Israel was the true homeland. Emigration to Israel was considered the highest virtue, and, like many other Jewish teens of my generation, I spent two summers working in Israel on a collective farm while I contemplated that possibility. More tacitly and subconsciously, I was taught the superiority of my people to the gentiles who had oppressed us. We were taught to view non-Jews as untrustworthy outsiders, people from whom sudden gusts of hatred might be anticipated, people less sensitive, intelligent, and moral than ourselves. We were also taught that the lesson of our dark history is that we could rely on no one.?17

If any Gentile politician dared to say that ?typical Jewish kids? are deliberately taught that their real loyalty is not to America but to Israel and the Jewish people rather than to America; and that Jews are superior to Gentiles in intelligence and morals, he would be mercilessly condemned by the media and hounded out of politics as an anti-Semite. Yet, this is the stark admission by the former head of the National Affairs of the American Jewish Committee. It should be emphasized that his words are not from an off-handed or careless conversation, but are the carefully chosen words of a major article he wrote for Jewish consumption, called ?The Jewish Stake in America?s Changing Demographics.?

This volume will show that the official policies of modern Israel and many of the leading elements of World Jewry still embody radically supremacist sentiments and policies. Organized Jewish elements around the world doggedly pursue their own supremacist agendas. Those agendas frequently conflict with the interests of the host nations in which they live.

My assertion that there exists a powerful, cohesive, world-wide Jewish Supremacism finds confirmation in evidence mostly provided by the Jewish Supremacists themselves. Their supremacist ideology finds clear enunciation in the foundation, structure and conduct of Israel, a nation unabashedly based on an ethnic supremacism. It is a state that has dispossessed, terrorized and grossly violated the human and civil rights of the Palestinian people.

What is Jewish Supremacism?

The definition of White supremacism from the Random House unabridged Webster?s Dictionary denotes it as ?belief in superiority over other races and retaining of control in all relationships.? Let?s take the definition and apply it specifically to the term Jewish Supremacism.

    Jewish Supremacism - The belief, theory, or doctrine that the Jewish people are superior to all others and should retain control in all relationships.

As to the first part of the definition, this book assembles powerful evidence that the leading Jews of the world have a belief, theory or doctrine that they are superior to all other peoples. I will also clearly demonstrate and that they seek control in all relationships with other peoples.

David Ben Gurion, Israel?s first Prime Minister, often called the ?George Washington of Israel,? said specifically that he believed in the ?moral and intellectual superiority? of the Jewish people. 17 That sentiment can be found repeatedly in the statements and writing of Jewish leaders throughout the world. Imagine the outcry if the President of the United States or head of state of any modern European nation pronounced that he believes in the moral and intellectual superiority of the White race! The Jewish dominated world press has so shielded Jewish Supremacists from criticism that their most famous leaders can say such things without fear of repercussion.

There was no outrage expressed by the world press when Ben Gurion made his remark, nor did any protest ensue from his supremacist prophecy quoted in Look magazine in 1962; a prediction that Israel would one day sit atop a one world government.

    ?In Jerusalem, the United Nations (a truly United Nations) will build a Shrine of the Prophets to serve the federated union of all continents; this will be the seat of the Supreme Court of Mankind.? 18

It also seemed cruelly ironic to his Palestinian victims, that there was little outcry when the admitted terrorist Menachem Begin was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize. Begin brags in his book, The Revolt, about the massacre of over two hundred men, women, and children at Dier Yassin. 19 The world hunts down suspected Nazi war criminals but gives a blood-stained Jewish one?the Nobel Peace Prize! That one event should tell us a great deal about who is really supreme in the modern world.

The other necessary part of the definition of supremacism denotes having control over other races. I will argue that Jewish Supremacists seek to control the nations in which they dwell. They make concerted efforts to dominate the two critical factors of control in the modern world, mass media and government. This book provides documented evidence of their incredible power in these sectors. This extreme concentration of power exists not only in the United States, but in most of the major nations of the world including Canada, Britain, Russia, France, Brazil and many more. It is a universal pattern suggesting that it is by design rather than accident.

Israel: A Jewish Supremacist State

Of course, Israel itself came into being by massive ethnic cleansing and displacement of Palestine?s indigenous population. At the time of the Balfour Declaration in 1917, Jews made up only 10 percent of the population of what today is Israel. After most of the Palestinian population had been driven out by terrorism in 1947 and 1948, Jewish Supremacists established Israel. The Zionist state still scrupulously preserves the cultural and genetic identity of the Jewish people.

Israel protects its Jewish control over their ethnic enclave by carefully guarding its ethnic makeup. It bases its immigration on a genetic standard and limits immigration almost exclusively to those of biological Jewish descent. An atheist Jew from New York City who has never stepped foot inside Israel is financially encouraged to immigrate, while hundreds of thousands of Palestinians whose families have lived there for thousands of years are forbidden to return to the place of their birth.

Israel is not a ?multicultural nation.? It is unashamedly a Jewish state devoted exclusively to the interests of the Jewish people. A nation with a sizable Palestinian minority, it is certainly the most rigidly segregated society in the world. Separate schools exist for Jews and Arabs, separate apartment complexes, separate neighborhoods and separate settlements. Many laws and regulations adversely affect Palestinians as compared to Jews. For instance, Palestinians are forbidden by law from joining the military. In spite of their 22 percent of the population, (Close to double that of Blacks in America) there has never been a Palestinian member of the Israeli cabinet. A former member of Israel?s Supreme Court, Haim Cohen, described the system that applies to Jews and Palestinians in Israel as similar to ?Nuremberg laws? of Nazi Germany:

?the bitter irony of fate which has led the same biological and racist laws propagated by the Nazis and which inspired the infamous Nuremberg laws, to serve as a basis for the definition of Judaism within the State of Israel. 20

I will go deeply into the subject of Israel in the body of this book, but I should not leave the subject now without pointing out that the Jewish Supremacism that dominates Israel receives little negative press around the world. Consider the positive press that Israel receives as compared to the unanimous and universal media condemnation that was heaped upon the former Apartheid regime in South Africa. Condemnation of South Africa was hypocritically led by an American media thoroughly dominated by Israeli partisans.

I slowly became aware of a dual morality permeating Jewish-Gentile relations. Jews preach one morality for themselves and preach another for the non-Jewish world. Their highest morality is one of racial pride, solidarity, tradition and self-interest. But they preached diversity and liberalism for their perceived competitors. If such dualism did not exist, how could the Jewish-dominated American media:

    * Support the nation of Israel, which promotes Judaism in its schools, while opposing even the singing of Christmas carols in American public schools?
    * Support the nation of Israel, which has strictly segregated schools, communities, and facilities for Jews and Arabs - while condemning segregated schools and housing in America and South Africa?
    * Support the nation of Israel, with its restrictive ?Jews Only? immigration laws, while subverting American attempts to curtail even illegal immigration?
    * Support the nation of Israel, which allows every Jewish citizen to carry a machine gun if desired, while advocating gun control for American citizens?
    * Support the nation of Israel, which openly states its mission to preserve the Jewish people and heritage, while condemning European Americans who dare to advocate the preservation of the Western heritage and culture in America?
    * Always depict the historical relations between Jews and Gentiles with the Gentiles as evildoers and the Jews as innocent victims, while condemning Gentiles as ?anti-Semites? if they dare defend themselves from such ethnic slanders?

Perfect examples of the gaping double standard can be found in the writings of the most important editor of the most important newspaper in America, A.M. Rosenthal of the New York Times. Rosenthal is an enthusiastic, open-borders multiculturalist for America, but a rabid closed-border, Jewish Supremacist for Israel.

Such double standards in the mass media raise other questions. Why is the world press so myopic in regard to Israel?s ethnic suppression? Is it reasonable to suspect that the bias in the press could be a result of a preponderance of Jewish power? Regarding subjects such as Jewish Supremacism, this domination certainly affords a reason why the term Jewish Supremacism, unlike White Supremacism, is never used by the press. Nor is the concept even explored. Even when Meir Kahane called Palestinians ?dogs? and advocated forcibly expelling all Palestinians from Israeli occupied territory, he was never referred to as a Jewish Supremacist.

On February 25, 1994, an American Jew, Baruch Goldstein, entered a mosque in Hebron and machine-gunned Palestinians at prayer, killing 29 of them. Some Jewish groups in both America and Israel have since made Goldstein a saint, building shrines for him both in America and in Israel. Neither Goldstein nor those who have built shrines to him are ever referred to as Jewish Supremacists or even as ?anti-Gentiles.? 21 On the opposite hand, if a Gentile to even dares to quote the statement by Haim Cohen comparing Israel?s laws to Nazi Nuremberg Laws, he will certainly find himself labelled an ?anti-Semite? by the media.

The double standard of world governments and the press is often quite amazing. As I write these words, the American President, George Bush, in the aftermath of the World Trade Center bombings of September 11, is busily trying to stamp out terrorism as well as wiping out ?all evil in the world.? He does not see that goal as even the slightest bit too ambitious. Bush announced that any nation that harbors terrorists will feel the wrath of American bombs.

Not long after this pronouncement, Mr. Bush dined with one of the world?s worst terrorists, the Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon. As the world knows, Sharon has a long record of terrorism and murder, including responsibility for the massacre of 2000 men and women children in the Sabra and Shatila refugee camps in Lebanon. During dinner, Mr. Bush did not so much as drop an olive on Mr. Sharon. Unlike hapless Afghanistan, no American bombs have fallen on Tel Aviv for harboring terrorists. In fact, Israel not only harbors terrorists, it has elevated many to be their supreme leaders. Sharon is not the first terrorist who made it to Prime Minister; some of the worst terrorists who achieved that position are Begin, Shamir and Barak.

The double standards never seem to end. When Israeli official, Rechavam Zeevi was assassinated by Palestinians, Sharon and some U.S. officials denounced it as ?terrorism.? But, if the shooting down of Zeevi is indeed terrorism, what do we call many years of Israeli ?targeted assassinations? of hundreds of Palestinian political figures, philosophers, clerics and poets? Why doesn?t the press point out as well that Zeevi was himself a Jewish Supremacist who advocated the forcible expulsion of all Palestinians from the occupied territories?

One might argue that because Israel is led by supremacists does not necessarily mean that the Diaspora (Jews outside of Israel) echoes the same supremacist sentiments. However, one should consider the fact that organized Jewry all over the world devotedly supports the supremacist state of Israel. Secondly, there is ample evidence that policies of Jewish Supremacy extend far beyond the boundaries of Israel. Powerful Jews in media and government around the world frequently act to exert control over the peoples among whom they live.

A World Wide Agenda

Jewish groups formulate strategic agendas and act in ways that they think will serve specific Jewish interests. I think you will be amazed by the evidence I present of the media and political power exercised by Jewish Supremacists around the world.

Organized Jewry can be clearly shown to have had world-wide strategic objectives since the beginning of the last century. For instance, an early 20th Century goal of Russian and World Jewry was the overthrow of what they considered to be the anti-Semitic, Czarist government of Imperial Russia. Jewish communities around the world supported the establishment of a proto-Jewish Communist regime in Russia. They provided most the leadership and financing 22 for the ?Russian Revolution,? a revolution that was actually more Jewish than Russian. Its chief financier was the New York Jewish Capitalist, Jacob Schiff. 23

One of the many startling documents I cite comes from the National Archives of the United States. It reveals that in the first government of Communist Russia there were only 13 ethnic Russians and more than 300 Jews out of a total of 384 Commissars. 24 Let that startling fact sink in: there were only 13 ethnic Russians in the first Bolshevik government of the ?Russian Revolution.? The chief correspondent of the London Times in Russia at the time described it as nothing short of an ?alien invasion? and takeover of Russia by Jews. 25 The same was said by our American ambassador to Russia, David Francis, 26 and by American intelligence officers in Russia. Even Winston Churchill described the Russian Revolution as a takeover by Bolshevik Jews that had ??seized the Russian people by the hair of their heads and become the masters of this enormous empire.? 27 This is just a small preview of the many startling documents you will find in this book.

The successful overthrow of a major national Government (and murder of its ruling family) as part of a world Jewish agenda shows that even in the early days of the 20th century they had considerable world-wide economic, political and media power. In the years since, their power has grown exponentially. Most people are still completely unaware of the paramount role of Jewry in the origins of Bolshevism in Russia and the spreading of Communism throughout the world.

The public?s lack of knowledge in this area also serves as a manifestation of their influential role in academia and media. Otherwise, how could such important and easily verifiable facts of history be kept from common knowledge?

It also reveals the incredible cohesion and coordination of Jewish power around the world that can be mobilized for specific Jewish objectives. Another example of the power they wield in the highest councils of major nations was their successful effort for the establishment of Israel. From the issuance of the Balfour Declaration (Only very recently did the world learn that Balfour Declaration was actually written by a secret Jew) 28 to the founding and continuing support for Israel, they have shown the ability to get what they want.

Jewish supremacy has a hypocritical and a jealous nature. If the people among whom the Jewish Supremacists reside would adopt programs of ethnic loyalty and solidarity similar to the Jewish Supremacists, Jews could obviously not exercise power and control, for they are only a small percentage of the population. Only where the ethnic and nationalist feelings of the host people are diminished can Jewish Supremacists accumulate enough power to achieve their agenda. This book will show a clear pattern of Jewish influence in academia, government and media aimed at weakening all ethnic solidarity and loyalty among their host peoples, while purposefully encouraging ethnic pride and solidarity among Jews. This is true whether one speaks of Palestinians or Britons, Frenchmen or European Americans, or African Americans, or Muslims in the Arab world. This pattern is present in all nations wherever there are found significant numbers of Jews.

Hypocritically, the same forces who support Jewish Supremacism have accused me of being a ?White supremacist.? I reject that epithet, for unlike Jewish Supremacists I don?t seek to rule over or control any other race; I simply want to preserve my own heritage. Recognizing that there are intrinsic differences in culture, behavior, tradition, and even genetics among the different races does not make one a supremacist. The truth be told, most people naturally prefer the association of their own racial or ethnic group, and frankly, most people think of their group as the best. What constitutes supremacism is when one group tries to control or be supreme over another.

Divide and Conquer

Supremacist Jews fear and oppose all ethnic solidarity other than their own. In the Western nations they consistently oppose all organizations seeking to preserve the interests and heritage of Europeans. Likewise, in non-European nations, they consistently work to break down the solidarity and homogeneity of the prominent ethnic group.

In America, not only have they worked to weaken the solidarity of European Americans, they actively opposed Black Nationalist movements such as Marcus Garvey?s movement and the Nation of Islam. Those Black organizations simply desired to preserve their own heritage rather than assimilate into a multicultural society. Jewish Supremacists hypocritically want no one other than themselves to be conscious of their own heritage and common interests. They try to make other groups feel guilty for even having pride in their own culture. They paint ethnic pride and cohesion in other peoples as supremacist or hateful.

A pertinent example of this divide and conquer method can be seen in Palestine and Lebanon. Most Palestinians and Lebanese are Muslim, but significant numbers are Christian. Israel has actively promoted hatred and civil war between Christians and Muslims in the region. One of the reasons that Ariel Sharon arranged for the slaughter of Muslim refugees by the Lebanese Phalangist militia forces was to promote bitter hatred and war among Israel?s Arab enemies. The diaries of one of Israel?s former Prime Ministers, Moshe Sharett, exposed the fact that this was one of Israel?s main tactics. 29 The destabilization of nations by encouraging massive multiracial and multi-religious immigration, as well as promotion of existing ethnic and religious divisions within nations ? has been a long-practiced strategy of Jewish Supremacists.

This attempt to breakdown their enemy?s ethnic solidarity can be explained in the context of the Palestinian people. If Israel?s displaced Palestinians fully assimilate in foreign lands with their host populations and thus lose their identity as Palestinians, they are certainly not as likely to support the Palestinian cause.

At the same time as they attempt to breakdown other peoples? ethnic loyalty; Jewish supremacist forces in the media sponsor a chronic recital of historical anti-Semitism. Such a focus has two objectives. First, it heightens Jewish solidarity and worldwide support for Israel, and secondly, stimulates collective Jewish hatred for the Gentile world and thus lessens assimilation. The recital of Gentile perfidy against Jews also protects them from Gentile criticism, for if anyone dares to criticize Jewish Supremacism, he is painted as morally equivalent to the purveyors of the Holocaust.

Another example of the great hypocrisy of the Jewish Supremacists can be seen in the intermarriage issue. During his campaign for President, George Bush found himself excoriated by the press for speaking at Bob Jones University, an institution that opposes interracial dating and marriage. Of course, during the campaign both George Bush and Al Gore made many obligatory speeches for many Jewish organizations. The irony is that almost every Synagogue in America and every major Jewish organization vigorously opposes intermarriage of Jews with non-Jews. Of course, this blatant double standard finds no mention in America?s supposedly fair and free press. Such exposure would not be good for Jewish public relations.

There are thousands of books and movies, many written, produced and marketed by Supremacist Jews that condemn doctrines and movements of racial or ethnic supremacy among non-Jews. Few books, however, dare to examine the world?s oldest, most powerful and virulent form of ethnic supremacism: Jewish Supremacism. It seems that if these supremacist Jews were honest, they could better write about the supremacy they know the most about: their own.

Of course, not all Jews are supremacist anymore than all Germans were Nazis during the Hitler era, but the fact remains that organized Jewry has pursued a successful agenda that has amassed incredible power in modern times. With the creation of Israel, they have established the most ethnically supremacist nation on earth. Even more importantly, they have managed to acquire enormous power in many of the major governments of the world (especially the United States) and today they thoroughly dominate the world news and entertainment media. When you read my documented chapter about the media, you will find their power is far greater than you might suspect.

Those at the centers of political influence in the United States and other nations are aware of the intense power of the Israeli lobby. The Jewish Lobby is the one lobby in Washington that no American politician dares to forthrightly oppose. It should disturb any patriotic American to think that the most powerful lobby in America?s congress is in the service of a foreign nation.

Silencing Their Critics

The extent of Jewish power is precisely why the general public is unaware of it, for those who know it, also know the high price they would pay for openly discussing it. In America, doing so can result in damage of one?s reputation, or even the loss of business or employment. Such truth telling can result in threats, intimidation and even physical attacks by groups such as the Jewish Defense League. The Anti-Defamation League, a group that supposedly opposes racial and religious supremacism, is always busy accusing their critics of racial, religious, or ethnic intolerance, while they ardently defend and deny Israel?s blatant supremacism. This Jewish supremacist group can ruin the business or the political career of almost anyone they choose.

Even more dangerously, Jewish Supremacists have now been successful in imprisoning their critics in many European nations. They cannot as of yet freely assassinate their critics in Western countries as they have hundreds of Palestinian writers, poets and clerics across the Arab world. In today?s Europe, however, simply quoting the supremacist statements of Jewish leaders can land one in prison.

There are hundreds of dissidents in prison at this moment who dared to simply speak or write openly about Jewish ethnic intolerance. Although the media constantly tells us that unlike the Nazis or the Communists, we have free speech; there are citizens of European nations right now in prison for simply contesting the politically correct Jewish versions of historical events such as the Holocaust.

Jewish Supremacists have made an intense effort to weaken the sense of ethnic awareness and loyalty among Europeans. In our modern media?s political correctness, it is considered ?hate speech? for Europeans to speak about their love for their heritage and express their desire to preserve it. As a European American, I do believe that my people have a right to preserve their way of life. At the same time I recognize that natural right for all the different peoples and nationalities of the Earth. For instance, how odd it is that the Palestinians, who have been ethnically cleansed from their own nation and denied their most basic human rights, are so often characterized as ?anti-Semites? and ?terrorists,? while the ?anti-Gentile,? Jewish Supremacists who have terrorized them and stolen their entire country are little criticized by the world press.

Palestinians and those in the Arab world need to understand that the source of their own plight comes from the fact that European Americans have been prevented from defending their own national interests and heritage just as Palestinians have been so prevented. Palestinians will never find liberation in their nation until European Americans find liberation in America from Jewish Supremacism.

Although I am certainly an activist for European Americans, I respect and applaud every people who desire to preserve their own way of life and, and even more vitally, their very existence as an ethnic entity. To me, ethnic survival is the most basic of human rights. It also is a fundamental human right for people to live under a government and also a media that reflect their own basic values, traditions, social and economic interests. The increasing globalism of the 21st Century, driven on by Jewish Supremacists, will continue to decrease the choices and freedoms of all people. Moreover, it will endanger the preservation of individual cultures, traditions, values, religious beliefs, and ethnic identity. The end result of globalism will be an enormous world government; one that will crush freedom and diversity as a steamroller would a flower.

The idea that government should represent its own people and not any foreign power is the driving principle of the Declaration of Independence and America?s nationhood: the right of a people to have a government of their own and for their own interests. The preamble to the Constitution of the United States puts it succinctly when it talks of a government ?for ourselves and our posterity.?

In America, the Jewish domination of key United States Government positions is amazing. During President Clinton?s Administration, the leading Israeli newspaper, Maariv, described ?warm Jews,? meaning Jews loyal to the interests of Israel, as holding critically important positions on the National Security Council. Maariv stated that 7 of its 11 members are ?warm Jews.? 30

The beginning of the 21st Century saw Madeline Albright as head of the State Department, George Tenet leading the CIA, William Cohen as the Secretary of Defense, and Sandy Berger as chairman of the National Security Council. All are Jewish. Although the George Bush administration has fewer Jews in the most visible positions, the underlying government bureaucracy that spans different administrations is as Jewish as it has ever been. A good example is Alan Greenspan who has served as chairman of the powerful Federal Reserve for many administrations. Jewish Supremacism will show specifically how Jewish Supremacists have used their political and media power to impose their agenda on other nations even when it opposes the true interests of those nations.

I see the value of all people preserving their cultural, national, and even genetic heritage. All peoples have the right to preserve their unique identities, including Jews. This book is about the fact that organized Jewish leadership pursues those goals of self-preservation and self-advancement tenaciously, while consistently disallowing other nationalities and races to act similarly in their own interests.

Their ultimate victory would cause not only the loss of freedom, but also the destruction of the heritage of all peoples on the earth. It is my hope that all of us, all nations and every people, while acknowledging our respective differences of religion, race, culture, and nationality, will work together to defend ourselves from the one incredibly powerful supremacism that threatens us all.

Much of this book is taken from my autobiography, My Awakening. This book is structured in the same fashion. It is an account of my personal journey of awakening to the reality of Jewish Supremacism: the ultimate supremacism. You will find its real power in the many direct quotations from important Jewish sources, all of which I carefully document with hundreds of source notes for your reference.

Jewish Supremacism is a thesis in autobiographical form. It is the story of my awakening on the Jewish Question that began when I was a young man beginning in the late 1960s. Most of my fundamental understanding was in place by the end of that decade, but my knowledge has grown much deeper over the last 30 years. Since the 1960s, much new scientific and political material has become available. In recounting my awakening, I am not trying to give the reader the impression that all the materials or studies I cite were available in the 1960s. I weave into this narrative contemporary data and documentation so the reader has the benefit of the latest information. Also, for reasons of coherence and organization, I focus on one primary area of discovery at a time, while in life the acquisition of knowledge is not so neatly compartmentalized.

Also, I would be remiss not to add that when I write ?I learned? or ?I discovered,? I take no credit for original research, for my education on these subjects came from innumerable authors and their books and articles. I am in debt to them as well as to my many supporters and friends who have educated me with the insights and knowledge acquired in their own awakening. I assemble, organize, analyze and comment on materials collected by scholars and writers from ancient times to the present.

My introduction finished, I must close my notebook and come down from Aspen Mountain. In doing so, I realize that I am not leaving the Natural World, for its laws continue in the world of human conflict below. The struggle for life and freedom exists among the different varieties of mankind as certainly as it does for every form of life and energy on this mountain.

Taking part in the struggle for my people?s life and freedom is as natural as the flow of the crystal stream running beside me. It is my hope that the European people and indeed, all peoples of the world, are permitted the most basic human right to preserve their own unique cultures, freedom and identity. To do so, they must resist the power of the earth?s ultimate supremacism: Jewish Supremacism.

I would be a fool not to realize the danger to my own life, reputation and freedom that I face by exposing Jewish Supremacism. But, as a loyal European American; as a patriotic citizen of the United States and also as one who sincerely wishes for justice for all people of the world - my duty is clear.

The stream beside me will follow its course.

So will I.

David Duke

Former Member of the House of Representatives
State of the Louisiana, United States of America

???????????????????????????

References
1. Shahak, I. (1994). Jewish History, Jewish Religion. Boulder, Colorado. Pluto Press.
2. KJV Deuteronomy 7:6
3. Jub. 32:18 19
4. KJV Joshua 6:21; KJV Joshua 10:37; RSV Deuteronomy 20:16
5. RSV Deuteronomy 20:10-18
6. KJV Leviticus 25:44-46.
7. KJV Deuteronomy 7:2-3; Ezra 9:12
8. RSV John 7:13.
9. RSV 1 Thessalonians 2:14-16.
10. Universal Jewish Encyclopedia, ?Authority? p. 637.
11. New Republic. (1992). May.
12. Simon, M. Trans. (1936). 57a Gittin. London. Soncino Press. p.261
13. The Jewish Press. (1988). Feb. 19. 10A.
14. The Jewish Press. (1988). Feb. 19. 8C.
15. Bermant, C. (1991). Some Carefully And Carelessly Chosen Words, Jewish Chronicle. May 17.
16. Frank, Geyla (1997).
17. Hertzberg, A. & Hirt-Manheimer, A. (1998). Relax. It?s Okay to be the Chosen People. Reform Judaism. May.
18. Look Magazine. (1962). January 16.
19. Begin, M. (1964). The Revolt: The Story Of The Irgun. Tel-Aviv: Hadar Pub. p.162.
20. Badi, J. (1960). Fundamental Laws Of The State Of Israel. New York. p.156.
21. Reuters News Service (1998). Israelis Now Hold Worship Services at Grave of Their Hero, Baruch Goldstein
22. New York Journal American (1949). February 3.
23. Andelman, M.S. (1974). To Eliminate the Opiate. New York-Tel Aviv: Zahavia. Ltd. 26
24. U.S. National Archives. (1919). Record Group 120: Records of the American Expeditionary Forces, June 9.
25. U.S. National Archives. (1919). Record Group 120: Records of the American Expeditionary Forces, June 9.
26. Francis, D. R. (1921). Russia From the American Embassy. New York: C. Scribner?s & Sons. p.214.
27. Churchill, W. (1920). Zionism versus Bolshevism: A Struggle for the Soul of the Jewish People. Illustrated Sunday Herald. February 8.
28. Associated Press Online. (1999). Balfour Author Was a Jew.
29. Rokach, L. (1980). Israel?s Sacred Terrorism. Bellmont, Mass: Assoc. Arab American University Grads.
30. Bar-Yosef, Avinoam. (1994). The Jews Who Run Clinton?s Court. Maariv. September 2.

???????????????????????????
[1] ORDER NOW!

Article printed from The Official Website of Representative David Duke, PhD: http://www.davidduke.com

URL to article: http://www.davidduke.com/?p=129