LINER NOTES TO THE MARCUS HOOK ROLL BAND COMPILATION ALBUM
"FULL FILE"

This album contains all known existing tracks of The Marcus Hook Roll Band - an identity assumed by Harry Vanda & George Young at the very end of their four year stint in London as session musicians and independent record producers. Though they had regularly issued material under a string of assumed identities (Haffey's Whiskey Sour, Moondance, Paintbox, Band of Hope, Grapefruit, etc.) this was the most extensive of their projects.

The MHRB came together under the hand of ex-Pretty Thing Wally Allen, who managed to wrangle some studio time at Abbey Road. There they cut 5 tracks with their regular retinue of fellow musicians - just prior to journeying to Australia for a holiday.

Instead of returning to London, Vanda & Young relocated themselves in Australia and forgot all about the Marcus Hook sessions - until a frantic message came through from Allen that America was keen on the tracks and wanted more. "We thought it was hilarious" says George, "it had been a joke to us".

The pair refused to return to London, so Allen visited Australia early in 1974 to record another ten tracks. This time, local musicians were used - including George's kid brothers Angus & Malcolm (who had not previously recorded).

After repeated requests for a tour to support the product were turned down flat, American interest waned and album release was scrapped (it's only issue being in Australia as 'Tales of Old Grandaddy').

The Marcus Hook tracks follow in the tradition of the best Easybeats' material - tough, perfectly structured and intelligent. A very convincing political and social sentiment runs through many of the songs, as does a strong soul/funk influence.

'Natural Man' has become a cult classic, adored for its exhilerating pop/rock form; while 'Shot In The Head' (originally recorded by Haffey's Whiskey Sour and also covered by Savoy Brown) is as close to a theme song as the extraordinary duo have ever penned;

"I've Been 52 years in a rock 'n roll band, ten thousand women on a one night stand. And all I got to show is a hole in my hand, where my money fell through."
