TRAKTOR  DJ  Studio  2.6  is  the  most  powerful  and  versatile 
        software  solution  for professional DJ mixing, live remixing and 
        mix  recording  using  digital audio formats. This digital mixing 
        suite  goes beyond the possibilities of conventional DJ equipment 
        by  implementing  a  vast  range  of  mixing  features  that only 
        software  can  provide.  With innovations like on-the-fly looping 
        and  unparalleled  pitch-shifting,  a whole new world of creative 
        real time sound alteration is at your fingertips. 
                  
                  
        New in version 2.6 
        ------------------ 
                  
                  
        This  latest  version  boasts  numerous  new  features  including 
        complete  compatibility  to  Stanton’s  FinalScratch®  2  system, 
        internet  broadcasting,  new  database  features, a live input as 
        well as the support of additional audio formats to name but a few 
                  
        Compatibility to FinalScratch 2 
                  
        The  new  version  of  TRAKTOR  DJ Studio is now fully compatible 
        with  Stanton’s  new FinalScratch 2 hardware, offering DJs mixing 
        with  this setup a whole new realm of possibilities. Read more on 
        FinalScratch 2... 
                  
        WMA and AAC Compatibility 
                  
        DRM-free  WMA  and AAC file formats are now supported, as well as 
        Ogg Vorbis und FLAC (lossless audio compression). 
                  
        Internet Broadcasting 
                  
        By   using  Icecast  servers  (an  open  source  version  of  the 
        Shoutcast  protocol),  the  mix  can  be  streamed  live over the 
        internet.  A pre-requisite is, however, that the relevant servers 
        are  available  and  that  the  protocol is supported by the ISP. 
                  
        Input Recording 
                  
        Connect  a  microphone  or  line  signal  directly  to TRAKTOR DJ 
        Studio  2.6 and record the signal on-the-fly. The resulting audio 
        file  can  then  be  loaded  into the virtual deck and mixed back 
        into  the  set.  Alternatively,  you can "stream" the live signal 
        directly  to your mix - making it possible to add your moderation 
        or  a  live  act  to  your  DJ  mix  and  internet  braodcasting. 
                  
        Record the Mix 
                  
        As  well  as  the  popular  mix  automation  feature,  it  is now 
        possible  to  record  your live mix directly to the hard drive in 
        WAV or AIFF formats. 
                  
        Enhanced Browser and Playlist Features 
                  
        A  “History”  function  is  now  incorporated  into  the playlist 
        feature,  which  automatically records details about the date and 
        time  tracks were played. Create exact playlists of your mix-sets 
        quickly  and  easily  – print them out or export them. As well as 
        this  the  browser  has special ‘bookmarks’ for fast access to 12 
        of your favourite folders. 
                  
        Minute Markers 
                  
        1-minute  markers are included in the small waveform window which 
        displays  the  entire track. These helpful guides also correspond 
        to  the  markers  on  the  time-code embedded records, when using 
        TRAKTOR with the new Stanton FINALSCRATCH 2 System. 
                  
                  
        more info available at: 
                  
        http://www.nativeinstruments.de/index.php?traktor2_us 
