

Daily Soap Opera ~50 years

This is a month of episodes for the show, uncut.

When initializing torrent, check to download only files desired or check all to download entire month of episodes.

 
http://www.theyoungandtherestless.com/


Lauralee Bell
Christine Blair Williams 

Lauralee Bell portrays Christine Blair, a former model and accomplished attorney, on Y&R. Despite the absence of her on-again-off-again love, Danny Romalotti, Christine has sacrificed all in an effort to clear his son Daniel (Michael Graziadei) of the vehicular homicide charges against him. 
She was nominated for a Soap Opera Digest Award as Outstanding Younger Lead Actress in 1996, and in 1997 she received a Soap Opera Update nomination as Outstanding Younger Lead Actress. In 1999, she received a Soap Opera Digest Award in the category of Outstanding Supporting Actress. Bell was honored as Favorite Soap Opera Actress by Teen Magazine's national poll in 1989. 

Her television credits include guest appearances on "Diagnosis Murder" and "Walker, Texas Ranger." She recently finished filming a role in her first independent feature, titled "Carpool Guy." 

Bell, who is the daughter of Y&R creators William J. Bell and Lee Phillip Bell, began her daytime career with the series in 1977 at the age of nine as an extra in a non-speaking part. Following her family's gradual move from Chicago to Los Angeles, Bell became a full-time cast member while completing her senior year in high school in 1986. 

In addition to acting, Bell is an accomplished model and has appeared in many national publications. She co-owns On Sunset, an upscale ladies clothing boutique, located in West Hollywood, Calif. 

Bell is married to photographer Scott Martin. They have two children, Christian and Samantha. 





2005
It was the crash heard around Genoa City! Cassie's death left an impact that shattered lives; Sheila's return proved diabolical for Lauren and Michael; Terrible Tom dropped a bomb -- literally; Brittany left town; Lily and Daniel formed a forbidden relationship; Nikki was kidnapped by the mob; and so much more! 



2004
Sharon started the year off with a bang by hitting Cameron with a champagne bottle and presuming him dead; Jack was headed further into a downward spiral when he and Phyllis called it quits; J.T. pursued his rock star dreams and headed out to the West Coast; Nikki was forced to re-live the tragedy of her accidentally shooting a little boy at her 5th birthday party; Jill's birth father Arthur returned to town; Alcoholism hit Kay very hard; Malcolm shocked everyone with his return; Michael and Kevin's mother Gloria came to town; Phyllis's son Daniel moved to Genoa City. 



2003
Nick catches Victor and Sharon kissing! Sharon leaves town; Chris returns. Jill finds out Kay is her mother! Brittany strips. Ashley is in a devastating car crash. Neil and Dru wed. 



2002
Mac and Billy broke up, and Billy started dating Danielle on the rebound. Phyllis suffered severe side effects from her fertility drugs, and had no choice but to discontinue the treatment. Victor decided he needed to go on a soul-searching journey before formally asking Nikki to be his wife once more 



2001
Billy realized that staying pals with Mac while dating Brittany was doing Mac more harm than good. 



2000
Megan's wedding day ended in tragedy when Tricia hit Tony on his motorcycle while backing out of the driveway. 



1999
Victor won his divorce from Diane by agreeing to award her a seat on the board of Newman Enterprises.