All pictures and videos are copyleft of William and are free to use in any media form as long as credit is given to Gaian Mind and William J, AKA "Psytrance or Die!"

Photos and vids from Gaian Mind's 2006 summer psytrance festival. Come join us for 2007 Presenting the 6th Annual

GAIAN MIND SUMMER FESTIVAL

Thursday, June 21st to Sunday, June 24th, 2007 - Summer Solstice
Four Quarters - Central Pennsylvania, USA

Join us for four days and three nights of Transcendental Dance in the open air - truly, a magical event which has quickly become the annual summer tradition for the global Trance Tribe!

Now in its sixth year, the Gaian Mind Summer Festival has hosted world-class international talent from Brazil, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Sweden, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, plus the finest regional talent in the USA, becoming a destination for hundreds of dancers from all over the world.

The gathering includes a full weekend of spiritual dancing, tribal drumming, lectures and workshops, yoga, sweat lodge, swimming, relaxation, and much more in a sacred, sylvan sanctuary that only Four Quarters can provide.

?Celebrating the Dance of Life?

Line-up to be announced on April 1st.. More info at http://gaian-mind.com/index.php?cat=3



Photos and vids are from the following 
GAIAN MIND SUMMER FESTIVAL 2006
June 22nd-25th, Four Quarters, Central PA, USA

Stone Circle Stage
(Psy-Trance & Progressive Trance)


BUS / GUS TILL
(Sub Records/Cyan Music ? Bali, Indonesia)
Live and DJ Trance set, plus DJ Downtempo set!

Bus, aka Gus Till, has been a music/producer/DJ since the punk days of the 70's. A true pioneer of the psytrance scene, he has released 60+ tracks over the years on Flying Rhino, Dragonfly, Iboga, T.I.P. World, Spiral Trax etc. as Bus, Slinky Wizard, Stoop & Fidget, and Zen Lemonade. In December of 2005 he (finally) released the long-awaited Bus album ?morebusinesslinkyouthere? on Sub Records, showcasing a range of styles from gorgeous morning grooves to deep, moody trance - all with a healthy dose of psychedelica.

Over the years, Gus has worked with Michael Hutchence, Bono and Edge (from U2), Todd Terry (the famous House producer), African Jazz/Soul legend Manu Dibango, Nina Hagen, Jamiroquai, System Seven, Adam Freeland, etc. and worked as the in-house engineer at Youth's Butterfly Studios. In addition, he has traveled extensively as a DJ/ live act, performing to thousands at festivals all over the world.

Last year, he released a retrospective of his earlier, mainly unreleased Downbeat/Dub pieces titled "Dub Shadows" on Cyan Music and another album of stunning new ambient compositions titled "Electric Oceans" on Japanese label 30th Co. both to much critical acclaim.

He is currently living on the island of the gods, Bali, and has been doing gigs in and around Tokyo, London, Athens, Jakarta, Melbourne, and is one of the in-house DJ's at Kudeta in Bali. Presently, he is busy working on a plethora of new projects: Zen Lemonade has nearly completed both new Trance and downtempo/ dub albums. There are further chill-out projects including a follow up to ?Electric Oceans? and an album featuring a Balinese Gamelan ensemble. He has also been busy collaborating with Breakbeat DJ Adam Freeland and is preparing another project in the rock/break style. Also expect a new Bus album!

www.gustill.com


PHONY ORPHANTS
(Iboga Records ? Copenhagen, Denmark)
Live!

Pumping, Grooving, Eclectronic Psychedelica at it?s finest!

Phony Orphants, Jeppe Ørnkilde (DJ Jeppe) and Mikael Dahlgaard (DJ Emok), met over a decade ago after a high school music intensive trip. Once friends, they quickly got the hang of electronic music development, started throwing parties - and in '98 formed the Iboga studio in Copenhagen. Soon after Iboga Records was born, the boys had several releases come out on various labels such as Transient, Aries, Plastic Park, Nanobeat, and Plusquam. Phony Orphants produce tracks that range from psychedelic to progressive, from techno to house?

In the spring of 2003 they released their first album on Iboga, "Symphony," followed by an extensive tour around the world to Voov in Germany, the Outback eclipse in Australia, Utage in Japan, and the Equinox in Mexico, to name a few. Since their first album, the Orphants have been working with various artists, such as Antix and True To Nature, and have released their second full-length album on Iboga, ?It?Cetera? in 2005. With a wide variety of influences and styles, ?It?Cetera? is a journey from full pumping progressive trance, through groovy electro inspired tunes and funky house beats? psychedelically enhanced!

www.iboga-records.dk


SHANE GOBI
(Alchemy Records ? London, UK)
First USA appearance!

Shane is Alchemy Records founder and Label Manager. Originally from South Africa, now based in London, he has been an active DJ since 1997. In the year 2000, Shane was signed as a label DJ to Sphere Records and in May 2001 he started Alchemy Records with long time friend Stuart Bates.

Over the past 5 years Shane has become one of the leading DJ?s in the psytrance scene, playing outdoor parties and club events in the UK, Israel, South Africa, Portugal, Austria, Brazil, Mexico, Switzerland, France, Spain, Belgium, Macedonia, Prague, Holland, and Japan. He has earned himself a solid reputation with a loyal following for his unique morning sets and his technical, energetic DJ style. In 2003, Shane was voted by the worldwide trance dancefloors on Isratrance forum as DJ of the year.

DJ and Producer, Shane has collaborated with label friends Dark Soho on the Groundzero Project and is also one half of Whiplash with Rinkadink. You can find his releases on Alchemy Records, Ambivalent Records and Nano Records.

www.alchemyrecords.co.uk


ELECTRYPNOSE
(Peak Records/Kabrathor Records ? Sion, Switzerland)
Live Trance and Downtempo sets! First North American appearance!

Vince Le Barde, aka Electrypnose, grew up in a family deeply involved in classical music for the last three generations. With music running through his veins and a passion for many styles and sounds, he discovered Fruity Loops and began Electrypnose in the summer of 2001.

In the last few years he has released 12+ tracks through different labels, from intellitrance (hard night & morning) to chillout & experimental beats. His debut album, "Brain Stretching," was released in January 2005 on Resonantearth Records. Since then, Vince has been busy with two, new full-length albums. The first album, "Le Tireur de Ficelles," was released by Peak Records in Februrary of this year, showcasing a dark, hard psytrance musical style with eleven tracks strung by clever arrangements, crazy breaks, huge buildups and demented driving basslines, all enhanced by innovative psy-sounds. The second release will feature chillout and experimental beats on Ajana Records and is due out later this year.

Along with Baphomet Engine (Brazil), Dejan (France), Shenz (France), Zapata (Switzerland) and DJ Ayash (Portugal), he has recently formed Kabrathor Records for the pure joy of releasing compilations with friends.

If you like it hard, dark, and psychedelic this is for you!

www.electrypnose.ch


EMOK
(Iboga Records ? Copenhagen, Denmark)

Mikael Dahlgaard, aka Emok, one half of Iboga Records, started his DJ career playing sets of psychedelic trance and organizing small underground parties around Copenhagen, Denmark. In 1997 he and DJ Banel from Copenhagen created the new label: Iboga Records.

Other than his solo project, Emok, you can find him working in the fully equipped Iboga studio on "Phony Orphants." In his spare time he has been involved in various collaborations with DJ Jokke, DJ Llopis, and Fabel, along with other Iboga usuals.

Emok plays a very unique sound and style in his DJ sets; a selection of the best, newest, and most well-produced tracks from the Scandinavian trance scene, mixed with a unique, powerful progression. Emok plays music varying from minimal techno to full on progressive psytrance.

www.iboga-records.dk


PSYMMETRIX
(PharPsyde Records - London, UK)
Live! First USA appearance!

Psymmetrix are 27 year old Alastair Crowther and 30 year old Richie (Asimilon) Elmes, both Yellow Star Geminis from the South East of England, and they have been tearing apart the London squat and party scene and after headlining the Liquid stage at the Glade festival last year these two have developed quite a following.

They have been writing music together now for one and a half years, after initially deciding to formulate a back-2-back set in December 2004, their conflicting styles brought about the synthesis of a new collaboration, that month they furiously created their first 7 tracks which met with great success at their début in the Liquid Connective Trance Room December 31st 2004 and it's been onwards-and-upwards ever since.

They bring 18 years of a love of trance music and dancefloor mayhem to their live sets, which are getting rave reviews wherever they are given the opportunity to unleash their unique brand of full-power psychedelic having-it dancefloor pounders!!!

Look out for upcoming releases from Psymmetrix on PharPsyde Records, Wild Things Records, Acidance Records and Doof Records!

www.psymmetrix.co.uk


ALLEN2012
(Gaian Mind - Clearwater Beach, FL)

As one of North America?s leading Psy-Trance DJs, Allen is famous for his mind-bending sets and his ability to work the dancefloor into a frenzy. Currently recording as PROBLEM CHILD, he is determined to deliver a full-length album by 2012!


LUIS
(Dreamcatcher - NYC)

Luis Eduardo Araujo, producer and long time dance music veteran DJ. Born and raised in the city of Sao Paulo Brazil, Luis started his career as a DJ in 1985 when he was only thirteen years old.

Throughout all these years, he has been developing and improving his DJ skills in many different styles experimenting elements of trance , techno , house , breaks and drum and bass. His excellent mixing and great knowledge of music have taken him to the best clubs in Brazil, Japan, Italy and USA. He has also participated in big outdoor events in Brazil as Love Parade (200,000 people) and the release of CD AMP (35,000 people).

Luis was part of the band Influx since its foundation in 1996 which he collaborated until 1999 when he decided to live in NYC and start a solo psytrance career. In New York since 2000, Luis and collaborators founded the Dreamcatcher Studios party organization and Psycheground, the only weekly psytrance party in the city of New York. His best gigs in New York were Omnidance Festival, TDC Festival, Gaian Mind in Phily, Tsunami at club Spirit, Alladin Project at club Exit, Avalon, World, Life and the Fat Black Pussy Cat Lounge (Psycheground) where he gets the most fun of all being the resident DJ.

Having established a solid reputation on the dancefloor, DJ Luis has become highly respected for his energetic groundbreaking sets of full-on in which he incorporates elements of morning , dark and melodic altogether. Creativity, excitement and enthusiasm seem to have no limits when it comes to DJ?ing.


MUKTI
(TDC Production - NYC)

As a driving force behind the TDC production crew and one half of the MuktIsvara live act, Mukti has gained notice as one of the youngest and most talented up and coming djs in NYC. He got involved in the scene in the late 90's at the legendary Synthetic Sadhus parties, and has been experimenting with electronic music production since 2003. Expect a dark and twisted full power set from one of NYC's finest. For more information visit: www.tdcny.com


S.O.T
(T.O.U.C.H Samadhi/Chilluminati - Chicago/Kiev, UA)

Growing up in Siberian lowlands, S.O.T was captivated by the magic of never ending forests. After traveling through Europe and coming to North America he found sound that resonates the most with mystic atmospheres of his homeland.

S.O.T's trance sets have brooding, primal energy, a marriage of synthetic and organic. He navigates through winding path, painting layers of mind-bending rhythms. Taking you along on electrifying journey into the enchanted forest, deep into gritty, digital mayhem and back.

Applying storytelling to his downtempo sets, this mechanoid shaman is cooking potions with dub, idm, and ambient electronica. Slow tempo and rich, ethereal textures are morphed into funky aural cocktail. You can expect unique blends of structured chillout as well as skillful performance.

Inspired by ever changing environments in nature S.O.T created a solo project and has teamed up with talented crew of artists at T.O.U.C.H. Samadhi. Original soundscapes have been featured in their sets and streaming radio shows.

www.touchsamadhi.com


KONFLUX
(Psytribe/Global Trance/Divine Balance - Los Angeles/Russia)

Konflux is a solo project of US based DJ and producer Vasily Myazin. Born and raised in Russia he relocated to the states in 2001. Living in Los Angeles and frequenting San Francisco he soon gained recognition within the local psytrance communities. His impeccable mixing skills in conjunction with his always growing selection and eclectic taste in music give way for enthusiastic trancers on the floor. He has spun across the United States alongside a number of international acts including Neuromotor, Dino Psaras, Rinkadink, Atomic Pulse, Hujaboy, and D-Tek among others.

Konflux is a resident DJ of Psytribe, a well known and respected psytrance promotion group established in LA since 1997 uniting DJs, producers & artists. He is currently working in the studio on his live performance. Rock, Jazz, Hardcore, DnB, Techno and House have all made significant contributions to his distinct style. Having rich experience producing multifarious styles of electronic dance music he is striving to polish his psychedelic sound. Konflux has a collaboration project, Jetlux, with LA based producer Jeto, expecting track to be soon released on Divine Balance Records from Chicago and U.S.T.A. Records from Israel.

www.konflux.org


BOIPEBA
(Gaian Mind - Phila./Japan/Israel)

Boipeba is coming to the Stone Circle armed with some of Tokyo's darker secrets.


LAURYN
(Alkaloid/Mistical Productions - Boston)

Lauryn's passion for music has been a constant in her life for as far back as she can remember. She began studying classical violin when she was nine years old. Her love of music led her to begin DJing and producing her own psytrance radio show while attending college in upstate New York. In 2002, after graduating, Lauryn moved back to Boston where she helped start Psyforia, a monthly psy event that runs to this day. Lauryn is a label dj with Alkaloid Productions based in Australia and is affiliated with Texas based Mistical Productions. She also works with Ketuh Records as promotions and bookings manager. In the past six years, Lauryn has played across the United States and in Europe, sharing the stage with many well known international acts. She is known for her energetic night time funky full-on psychedelic sets as well as the occasional morning chillout grooves.

www.mistprodonline.com
www.alkaloid.biz


EG~BOT
(Gaian Mind - Philadelphia)

David McGee (aka Eg~Bot) offers a wealth of inspiration with a touch of dark humor to his works. He has been spinning/producing psy-trance since 2001 and is currently throwing parties with Gaian Mind and PSI. Always on the cutting edge of music, he has been hard at work blending minimal psytrance with textured sound-scapes, samples and hooks that just can't be denied. His tracks are a twisting journey through psychedelia. Expect a dark and twisted dj set courtesy of EG~BOT.


ONNOMON
(Soular Records/Gaian Mind - Philadelphia)
Live! Just added!

His sound has moved thousands & production being top notch, travelled around the world in 80 days & still had the time for a good stomp. Dean (Onnomon) has been producing some of the most innovative sounds in Goa today?his music spans from deep n dark to melodic & full of light. This eve to come, you may never have imagined such possibilities?your are in for a journey to fulfill many lifetimes?

www.onnomon.com
www.soularrecords.com


MATYAS
(Reality Engine - NYC)
DVD-Enhanced Trance and Downtempo Sets!

Living in New York City, Matyas developed a distinct taste influenced by its diverse culture. He has a unique ability to provide the right elements for the creation of uplifting and otherworldly environments, from festival dance floors in the heart of Brazil to nightclubs in Tokyo. Integrating performance and installation art with live video mixing, musicians and DJs in custom designed and built future archaic environments, he Integrates organic with the high tech, abstract with conceptual, creating visuals you can hear, and sounds you can see."

www.realityengine.org

- - -

North Crook Stage
(Downtempo)


KENJI WILLIAMS
(ABA Structure - USA/Japan)

Techno-wizard KENJI WILLIAMS is world-renowned for his cutting-edge improvisational compositions blending electronic beats, classical violin, and mind-bending visuals. From the first ever "Illusion" EP release reaching a global audience of nearly 100,000 in collaboration with JOHN DIGWEED's Bedrock label, to Ambient releases with top labels such as Flying Rhino and Interchill, to the latest full length Tech-House, Tech-Trance album "Faces of Epiphany," the network of recognition is growing. Combining unique skills in film and music, KENJI WILLIAMS has earned international film awards from the CSC to Sundance, and has been featured in the press such as XLR8R, Jwave, Tokyo FM, and Apple.com. Director of three films to date, "Moment Utopia," "Vision Quest 2002," and the latest project "WORLDSPIRIT," collaborating with world-renowned spiritual artist, ALEX GREY, KENJI WILLIAMS is establishing himself as a forward thinking audio visual artist of the soul.

www.kenjiwilliams.com


KILOWATTS
(Artificial Music Machine - Philadelphia)

Recently completing his 4th album, "Routes", among numerous singles and remixes, James Watts continues to create dynamic and unpredictable moods with his music. He's generally known for his complex rhythmic audio editing, sliced and diced to all hell, married to wistful melodic structure and vaporous soundscapes. His livesets are a combination of intricate programmed beats and sojourns into improvised experimental groovology, often evolving into thick layered violet walls of sound.

www.kilowattsmusic.com


BLUE SPECTRAL MONKEY
(TOUCH Samadhi/Interchill Records - Asheville, NC)

Truly a connoisseur of psychedelic electronic music, Blue Spectral Monkey has been collecting and spinning constantly since 1996. He recently joined the elite team of dj's and artists at Interchill Records. Known for deeply diving into fresh electronic dubzones, spaced techno funkage, glitched out freakiness, beatless ambient soundscrapes, and liquidy breaks with an ethnocyborg-psyritual twist, all the time keeping the sounds thick, groovy and trippy.

www.touchsamadhi.com
www.interchill.com


PHIDELITY
(Oracle Gatherings - Seattle/San Francisco)

Wide eyed in the innocent and halcyonic days of early 90's ambient house movement, Phidelity first found his inspiration to dig deep into the vast creative potential afforded by the psychedelic culture, beit through his art, djing or production work. Currently he is touring the nation in search of the nations best Chicken Tikka Masala.

www.phidelity.com


PEDRO
(Reality Engine/Interchill Records - NYC)

Originally from Brazil, now based in NYC, Pedro plays and produces free style tribal grooves. From dub beats into trip-hop, deep mid-tempo tribal psy-trance and new school breaks, he fuses influences from many cultures and genres to build an uplifting musical experience.

www.realityengine.org
www.interchill.com


ANDREW LIGHT
(Gaian Mind - Philadelphia)


EIM
(Gaian Mind - Philadelphia)

Gaian Mind resident and sometime vertebra, EIM intends with the music he plays to purvey that with a dynamic invoking the conjugation of apparent antipodes.


BUFFER
(Gaian Mind/M-Laboratories - Boulder, CO)

Known for his work with M-laboratories, Chris was a driving creative force behind the chillout area at GMSF 2002-2004, pouring all of his resources into providing a downtempo experience that would extend far beyond a simple breakroom for the mainstage. The electronic aesthetic has always been a profound influence in his life, and he has sought to take others to the places where he finds inspiration through his production, DJing, and booking.


DEET
(Gaian Mind/DrumStickAssChick Productions - Philadelphia)

Pure. An endogenous part of every enthusiast. A molecular psychodrama of cause and AFFECT. A grand scale EFFECT. Genre-spanning original recordings. Chillout/deep listening DJ sets.

Deet is the great synchronicity singularity, provoking evolution, love, and ascension. Deet?s chillout sets are pure information, knowledge, and portals of transformation. He has been producing original music since 1994, with a style that is raw and psychedelic; funky, heady, and drenched with intent. Computers have never been involved in Deet?s production process; he prefers classic analogue and midi controlled gear, mixing everything down, on-the-fly, to one track, purely and truly capturing the moment at hand. An exercise of intention, of living in the moment. Truly unique for these software dominated times.


NOD
(TOUCH Samadhi - Asheville, NC)

Nod began his explorations of electronic music listening to the twisted psychedelic rock of the ozric tentacles as a wee hippie lad. throughout the years his ears have traversed far stranger realms of ambiance ranging from dub to trip hop to grinding drones and everywhere in between. there's always something new going on in the land of nod?

www.touchsamadhi.com


BINARY
(Sonic Beating/Changmian - Boston)

Nick Binary has been a driving force in the Boston psytrance scene. One of the co-founders of Sonic Beating, a Boston based psytrance and sound design collective. For the past 5 years, Binary has played all over the US, with performances as far north as Quebec City. He has held monthly and weekly residencies in Boston and currently helps organize Boston's longest-running Psytrance monthly show, Psyforia. As well as hosting a weekly radio show/webcast on WBRS FM.

www.sonicbeating.org


KARMAKANIK
(Gaian Mind/PSI - Philadelphia/NYC)

Mastermind behind the legendary Philadelphia Shamanista Initiative (PSI) and a DJ of unmatched skill, Pat has enchanted crowds up and down the east coast with his selection of downtempo psychedelia. Smooth yet crunchy, raw yet refined, eclectic and unpredictable. The sound of the Philly Underground!


STEVE-O
(GoaBabies - NYC/Rincon)


PARAMNESIA
(TOUCH Samadhi - Louisville, KY)

Paramnesia: A disorder of memory in which dreams or fantasies are confused with reality.
A state where the lines of dreams and realities are blurred.
The illusion of having experienced before events, which are being experienced for the first time.
The hypnagogic mode of waking consciousness, dreamscape.

Formal music guidance and immersion in the engineering sciences have led Paramnesia to develop awareness of the intertwined synergy between sound, music, and technology. An exacting care for detail, he craft's the hypnotic experience through djing, composition, and sound engineering. Originally from the heart of the Midwest, Paramnesia has traveled the US, Canada, and the Mediterranean capturing sounds of the dreamscape. Member of the Spiritual Krack Lab, Louisville's experimental music collective, and proprietor of Project7 sound and light, Paramnesia serves humanity with full tactical support technologies.

www.paramnesia.org
www.touchsamadhi.com


DAVE HENSHAW
(Changmian/Sonic Beating Productions - Boston)

Dave recently pre-ordered a Jason Varitek action figure and spent too much on shipping. He threw away his cell phone two years ago and now prefers endmills to e-mails. He has a profound appreciation for the music of Iboga Records and the city of Boston. Two ninjas guard his two prized jade plants and his one pair of sox. He bleeds deep red. People usually smile when they hear his name and say, ?Dave? He?s like 75% baseball fanatic, 50% philosophy-geek, and 99% percent PROG-HEAD.? (Not all his friends failed high-school math, though.)

www.sonicbeating.org
www.zia-trance.com


KIFE
(Omni Tribe - NYC)

Having previously rocked GMSF'05 with a groovy progressive set, Kife will be presenting the dubbed out side of his selection at the 2006 installment. Blending live tracks into a carefully orchestrated DJ set, he will have the giant trees of North Crook whispering along in the afternoon breeze. A long time member of Omni Tribe and the Omni Dance Festival organization, DJ Kife has been behind the decks in New York City for the past six years.


ELEKTRONKIND
(Digital Yeti Studios - Baltimore)


ELECTRIC MAYHEM
(Sidetrakkt - Portland, OR)

Founder of Sidetrakkt Productions, Dan introduced psytrance to Pittsburgh, PA through his dj sets and as an event organizer for five years. In July 2004 Dan relocated to the northwest and has recently begun organizing events in Portland. Known for his diverse selection of music, his sets are carefully crafted to reflect and enhance both the time of night and the energy on the dancefloor. After playing at many east coast festivals and events, Dan has begun to make his mark in the northwest with several bookings throughout Oregon and Washington.

www.sidetrakkt.com


MONO MONO
(Soular Records/Gaian Mind - Philadelphia)

There's a lot of music out there and Mono Mono has a repertoire from the deepest recesses. This year we will combine obscure sonic treats, from the past, with live electronic experimentation with fellow musical artists.

www.onnomon.com


DAN COVAN
(NYC)

Dan Covan drove a van to Afganistan getting a tan, playing music, and bringing people together to dance and share in the Cosmic Romance... Then he woke up from his dream and he was living in New York City, the Capital of Modern Materialism, where he was born nearly 33 years ago. Current projects include ONNOMON, Sosh's Music Collective, Trancebreath, Body Temple, Chill Pod India and Spiritual Beings. His musical mission is to stay connected to the ever changing moment as it moves and grooves.


DEMI
(Dharma Kshetra Productions/Pooja Group - Miami)
Just added!

Dimitriy aka Dj Demi started his DJ lifestyle since 1997 with alternative sets of rock, disco, funk, jazz @ the local club "2 Captains" (Simferopol/Ukraine). It took 3 days visit the proper trance party made by XP VooDoo(Aerodance Corp) at the Summer Festival Kazantip (1998) to clear out that it is exactly psychedelic music DJ Demi wants to be performing. Amazed with free spirit and energy people radiated Demi started going to Moscow for almost every gig by Aerodance. The first partys organized by Demi and friends were made under the name - Yellow Dharma Group, which was free of any particular rules or regulations - anyone was part of the Group if he/she is somehow involved into organizinig a trance event, with specific theme decorations, friendly atmosphere and psychedelic trance, of course. At the end of Millenia the partys started pop up across Crimean Peninsula - in Yalta, Sevastopol, Evpatoriya - it was a collaboration of many DJ's, dancers and designers. Demi organized many partys with famous Moscow artists and DJ's - Sashi (Aerodance), Stas-On (Special Ppl), Tony Lizard (Glook Around/Vertigo rec), Overlap Project, Monifold and many others. He performed numerous sets at almost every Kazantip Festival, since the year 99. Had a chance to DJ for thousands people on the partys in Moscow at - Proton Club(the last official Aerodance party in Moscow), Cosmoport, Art Center (Talamasca Party), as well as some private partys. Since 2002 Demi moved to Florida, USA where the desire for being in trance has not expired and collaboration with DJ Arjuna lead to cozy friendly psy-trance partys and a recording label - Dharma Kshetra Productions. Arjuna and Demi are currently working on releasing qualitive and interesting psychedelic tunes. The first release on 4-20-2006 was a compilation called Nykto - what means "night" (Greek lang.) - pure night time energy music to deliver you on the next level of Conscoiusness!

www.dharma-kshetra.com


BOB TRAHPEK
(Sonic Beating/Zia-Trance - Boston)

Long known as the artistic mastermind behind the decor at Sonic Beating?s Psyforia monthlies as well as the founder of Zia-Trance internet radio. His impeccable taste in proper psychedelic trance and chill-out has also garnished him a reputation as an incredibly solid DJ.

www.sonicbeating.org
www.zia-trance.com


INDRA
(Omni Tribe - NYC)


ORBICLES
(Gaian Mind - Philadelphia)

When she's not traveling the world collecting music and experiences, she's home learning how to best share them with you. Orbicle?s love of electronic music started back in 1992; she is continually influenced and inspired by all sounds - from house, dub, ambient, techno and her main love: trance.


BOTANICAL ANTIDOTE
(Gaian Mind - Philadelphia)

Jaime has been a visionary artist for many years, creating atmospheres from her imagination for parties along the east coast. Come join her as she crosses the line from visionary artist to budding DJ. Her style is deep, sexy and melodic, with multicultural influences. Come dance and trance the time away with the perfect antidote of the botanical kind...


GANJALA
(Gaian Mind - Philadelphia)


ICYCOIL
(Las Vegas/NYC)

www.myspace.com/icycoil


BOTTOM DWELLERS
(4 Quarters Farm - Baltimore)

This Kollectiv has gathered at 4QF, where they have found a place they call home. Finding common ground in music and spirituality, spending time drumming and dancing around the fire together. Though they still remain 4 different personalities spinning 4 different styles of music.

- - -

Performance Artists


ARCHEDREAM
(Philadelphia)

ArcheDream uses archetypal characters that perform allegories, or dreams, to personify vital issues pertaining to our lives. Psychologically speaking, an archetype is a primordial mental image inherited by all. For example, personifications of Anger, Death, Love, War and Peace all play their part in our visions of life. ArcheDream?s costumes are illuminated with ultra-violet light, which accentuates the supernatural aspect and reveals the dreamscape as the action unfolds.

www.archedream.com

- - -

Visual Artists


MIZUE KATAOKA
(Japan)

Since last year's Gaian Mind festival, MIZUE has been transforming party spaces in NY, PA, DC, NJ, Tokyo, and Niigata, featuring artists such as Absolum, Space Tribe, Alex Grey, Deviant Species, FREq, Infected Mushroom, Kenji Williams, Ocelot, Paranormal Attack, Penta, Planet B.E.N., Savage Scream, Talamasca, and some of the finest talent the USA's East Coast and Tokyo have to offer.

Always busy making new artwork, and always trying new arrangements, no two parties look the same when they are decorated by Mizue.

Currently in Tokyo, MIZUE is hard at work to fulfill her promise of unveiling a complete series of fresh new pieces made specially for the Stone Circle at Gaian Mind Summer Festival 2006!

Prepare to be mesmerized, again.
 
http://mizuekataoka.tripod.com


OPTICAL DELUSION
(NYC)

www.opticaldelusion.com


REALITY ENGINE
(Reality Engine - NYC)

Reality Engine is a multi-media art collective that creates an interactive Audio-Visual experience. Our goal is to break down the boundaries of conventional media presentation through utilizing the ritual of shamanic dance and cutting edge communications technology, creating atmospheres that help facilitate the potential for expanded awareness of the world around us. Our content is specifically designed for multiple projection environments, from galleries to theatre, live shows and dance floors. Through our partnership with Pioneer, our goal is to help establish this new platform of non-linear storytelling for DJs, VJs and Live Acts as a standard tool for artistic expression in the arena of events, festivals and nightclubs world-wide using the DVJ - X1 turntables.

www.realityengine.org


OMANANDA
(Liquid Crystal Vision - London, Tokyo, Berlin, San Francisco)
Just added!

Torsten Klimmer aka Omananda is a multifaceted highly receptive and creative individual. His fascination with visual art and virtual reality began early in life. He got into black & white photography and creative writing at the age of 7! After expressing himself through various art forms, such as drawing, painting, poetry, sculpting, music, and dancing, he became increasingly aware of the infinite realms that lie beyond the imagination. Torsten traveled more than 10 years non-stop. During that time he developed a profound mystical understanding. When his talent for moving pictures was discovered, he began filming heavily, learning the hard way - through trial and error. He usually carried a 35mm photo camera, a digital video camera, a DAT recorder, and microphones on his journeys. Omananda is a producer, director, editor, camera man, film maker, and VJ - all in one person. In Liquid Crystal Vision his intuitive cat-style-videography and the superb editing fashion that are so typical for his unique style found its full self-expression. As a VJ, he has an incredible talent of mixing graphics live - absolutely magical and psychedelic!

www.omananda.com
www.liquidcrystalvision.net


STEVE-O
(GoaBabies - NYC/Rincon)

- - -

Special Guest


DANIEL PINCHBECK
(Evolver Project - NYC)

Daniel Pinchbeck is one of the leading voices in today?s counter-culture, exploring the connections between psychedelics and shamanism and their importance in the modern era. Though he?s published feature articles in the New York Times Magazine, Esquire, Wired, The Village Voice and is a regular columnist in Arthur magazine, it was his 2003 book, Breaking Open the Head: A Psychedelic Journey into the Heart of Contemporary Shamanism, which seems to have really given him a higher profile among those interested in alternative religion and spirituality. He will be speaking in support of his forthcoming book, 2012: The Return of Quetzalcoatl.

www.breakingopenthehead.com
www.evolverproject.com
