These are a bundle of really nice screensavers, wherefore you need an openGL.
it costs a bit of CPU and your video card  (older pc's will have trouble with it)
but they are very nice to see, got them running on al my pc's at home.

for the screensavers i found on torrentwebsites. i'd still like these one's the best. and so i'd like to share them.. (though its freeware from http://www.reallyslick.com) (
(the website also contents some snapshots from the screensaver)
but nothing is as nice as they're in movement on the big screen

The .zip file is also to be downloaded from the side,
as also the same screensavers for OS, Linux, and older windows versions.

Enjoy these screensavers, but dont keep glaring at them.
the beauty never stops :)


Contents:


Hyperspace
This is a real number cruncher of a screensaver. Computers are getting much more powerful these days, and my old savers don't bring them to their knees like they used to. This one does. Of course, you can still turn the settings way down if you have a pathetic, old computer. 

 

Helios
Throw together some attraction/repulsion particle effects and some smooth implicit surfaces and this is what you get. 

 

Euphoria
This is about as psychedelic as screensavers get. I thought my Plasma saver was at the top of the scale, but this one is even more nauseating. You'd better find one of those air sickness bags before you stare at this one for too long. 

 

Skyrocket
The most full-blown fireworks screensaver ever. It has bright lights, smoke trails, clouds that are illuminated by the explosions, sound effects, and plenty of other eye candy. I hope you have a powerful graphics card. Keyboard commands allow you to launch various types of rockets, pause the movement of the fireworks, and control the camera with the mouse. OpenGL is used for the graphics and OpenAL is used for the sound. 

 

Solar Winds
This is a very mesmerizing particle effects saver. Tweak the settings a little and you'll find that you can achieve an amazing number of different patterns. You can also connect the particles with lines for a very different effect. 

 

Lattice
Fly through an endless world of linked rings. You can choose from several different textures for the rings and alter the comlexity of the lattice structure. 

 

Flux
This screensaver rocks. If you know anything about strange attractors, you might recognize the patterns created by this saver. 

 

Plasma
Probably the second most psychedelic screensaver in existence. Just try to picture all those colors moving around. 

 

Field Lines
This is a simulation of the electric field lines between charged particles. Physics never looked so good. 

 

Flocks
Here's a 3D variation on a favorite old theme. Try it out with Chromatek's ChromaDepth glasses for a cool 3D effect. 

 

Cyclone
This screensaver makes particle tornadoes on your screen.