\"The Descent\" script took two years to complete the planning period is up to 15 experienced the refinements of the changes in the director Marshall seems, physical and spiritual double uncontrolled \"The Descent\" can be said to be \"legendary fighters\" more humanization of companion works, and the cave is the best horror film scene, \"I think it was a great, but there are very few in the thriller in the environment. fact, it is the classic environment. thriller in the best scenes in the dark, you can not find more than the black holes in place. art, I also have a female action thriller, it is very unique. \" 
Gollum\'s cousin Tablets humanoid monster crawling shape and the \"Lord of the Rings\" Gollum in a fight some, the time to sort, the former as the latter is the cousin, descent on the same strain, host to change from swamp for the cave, but the former seems more Nianni distorted, savage and ugly, but in order to highlight the human characteristics of monsters, director Marshall abandon the CG effects, instead of the traditional means of makeup, and invited the \"legendary fighter\" During filming actor friends to get to know personally play this monster facial expressions and body movements to be interpreted more lively, specific, of course, actors also have paid the required makeup before filming every three hours of hard costs. 
Fear the ecological before filming, six women were sent to the Derbyshire starring the rock-climbing training centre for the relevant skills training, every one of them eventually become a rock-climbing master. In order to capture the adventure six groups fear the instinctive reaction, the director does not advance the image of the monster starring revealed to the woman who has starred in Karachi Nabu director of the Hope this arrangement still fear: \"I have been shooting the film feel very scared. crawling first saw the monster I was scared, because we have not been directed to see him, until in the film, we really meet that carved. great idea, it will allow us to continue to imagine, But the film makeup of the technology is too good, and we all imagine the screen are related to their actual appearance was not the same, the dry things suddenly emerge in front of us, we actually were scared Airemuji, then flee panic, aphonia scream! Therefore, some need to fight and stay in a spot to re-shooting scenes. \" 
  The challenges of budget film location from Scotland, in the caves Najing famous pine trees near London studios of structures within 007 studio completed, caves space design and modeling using a large number of resin raw materials. How to utilize the limited space structures, as far as possible from the vast underground world, and become the crew during the filming of the biggest problems facing the group, in addition, because the film\'s budget was not sufficient to establish all the scenes in the story, when the crew had to repeat in shooting Scene good use of structures, and so on through the stalactites of different props and placed the order portfolio, to create a new holes in space.