The One Eyed Dude 

delivers you with

:. title .:

_..:: Hot Wheels Stunt Track Challenge (c) THQ -.direct.play.-.rip!.- ::..



:. Ripped .: 

company logo, movies...



:. About .:

In Hot Wheels Stunt Track Challenge, players are thrust into competition
on a hot new extreme game show on which they must complete perilous 
stunts and win intense races. If able to beat opponents and impress the 
audience with fearless maneuvers, they will advance into other 창??episodes창?? 
and win better cars. At the end of the season, the driver with the most courage 
and best stunt skills will cruise away in a gold-plated car as the Hot Wheels Champion. 
The game will allow players to choose from 30 authentic Hot Wheels cars in 24 stunt 
challenges and 12 tracks set in environments such as Buccaneer Bay, Jurassic Jam, 
Zero Gravity Zone, Tiki Island, Spider Alley and Lava Land.

* Single-player game show mode 창?? compete to be the winner
* Three events: stunt challenges, races and mini-games
* 24 stunt challenges set within the game show
* 12 race tracks that run through the six environments
* 12 mini-games where player must collect car decals before time runs out
* Two-player split screen racing on PS2 and four-player action on Xbox
* PlayStation 2 online multiplayer capabilities with online account
* 1-6 Player stunt challenge league mode 창?? take turns competing against friends in the Stunt Challenges
* Garage: Before each race/challenge players can customize cars by color, wheels and decals
* 28 popular and authentic Hot Wheels cars on each platform ,each platform features one unique car


:. review .: 

www.gamespot.com < or > www.tothegame.com



:. Install .:

1.: Unrar with latest winerar and > regWheels.exe < (must be done)
2.: double click on > hwstc.exe < to launch the game!
2.: enjoy!



Special Info Note:

Some virus-scanner recognize the header of packed exe's (regWheels.exe )

as a lame virus, (coz it's the mostly byte by byte check error of 'em!.)

This is truly a false information!,  a so called false positive, you can read 

more about in your VirusTool-Manual or WebSite!.


