This torrent contains The Sims 2 with all its current expansion packs.
The Sims 2 and its expansion packs are packaged in individual 7z archives, which
need to just be extracted somewhere. The Sims 2 needs some registry entries too,
however, so I wrote an installer program which extracts the selected 7z archives
to where you choose and sets the registry entries accordingly. The installer
also extracts the splash images of your selected language to the game's
directory. The source for the installer is included too (using the GPL licence).

Note that Happy Holiday Stuff is included in the core game, as the archive name
tells, even though the installer reads different. Happy Holiday Stuff isn't
kind of "stand-alone" like the other expansion packs, so I thought the most
elegant solution would be to include it in the core game archive.

As I briefly tested playing The Sims 2 without CD keys in the registry, it
worked, but if there's a need for some generated CD keys regardless, I included
pre-generated CD keys for each expansion pack as a .reg file (except Happy
Holiday Stuff, which doesn't have one) and the core game. The installer allows
you to set/edit them manually too, but this might save some time for someone.

The file 'Uninstall data.reg' is included in case some external utility or a new
expansion pack needs to be installed which might need these registry entries.
The file paths, however, are fixed, and probably need to be modified (unless
you use the same paths).

The Sims 2 CD had VP6 video codec installer, which might be needed by some, so
it is included too. Also included from the CD is the "Grow Your Sims" that is
normally executed during the game's installation. I didn't write any helper
script/program for it, but it's very simple to use it. Rename the files prefixed
with the locale code you want to use to external.txt and Sims2Logo.jpg and
execute First15.exe.

The core game and all expansion packs that had a patch available were updated
to the latest version, except for the first two expansion packs: University and
Nightlife. For some reason I couldn't apply the patch to those two, but that
probably doesn't matter if the patches only change the executable files.

the directory mini-images contains mini-images for all expansion packs.
The filenames are prefixed with the "short name" of each expansion pack or the
game for convenience. The prefix is followed by the original filename.

I made this torrent since I got tired of the time consuming install process
which required too much user interaction and the amount of space the disc
images used. This release requires the least user interaction (that I could do),
while (hopefully) allowing to set all the same options and all game data is
efficiently stored in 7z archives, which reduces the size to about 66% of the
original discs.