Innehåller:
Engelsk version i html-format
Engelsk version i pdf-format
Tysk version i pdf-format

Amazon.co.uk:
"Filled with sex and violence - in and out of time and space - the three books in this trilogy are only partly works of the imagination. They tackle the cover-ups of our time - from who really shot the Kennedys to why there's a pyramid on a one-dollar bill - and suggest a mind-blowing truth."

www.FantasyFreaks.org: 
"The book is The Illuminatus! Trilogy by Robert Shea and Robert Wilson. It's composed of 3 novels (The Eye in the Pyramid, The Golden Apple, and Leviathan) but is usually found in one huge volume.

This book is a rather complicated mix of fantasy, sci-fi, the occult, politics, conspiracy, philosophy, and humor. Beware that this book is not for the close-minded or the easily offended. It depicts government, police, most religions, etc. as bad. And anarchy, drugs, free love, etc as good. So if that kind of thing offends, then keep at least 50 feet from this book at all times.

This trilogy is viewed by many to be the ultimate conspiracy book. It takes on all kinds of different conspiracies (Who shot JFK, Watergate, and why John Dillinger isn't dead, just to name a few) and connects them ALL into one large global conspiracy. The conspiracy being that a super-secret organization known as the Illumanti are secretly controlling every aspect of society.

While it is a work of fiction, the authors have blended in a lot of historical fact into the trilogy. Making even some of the more absurd things suggested seem possible. It is a very long book (800 pages, hardback), very funny, and very confusing. I had a lot of trouble reading this book at first, but once I had gotten used to the authors' style of writing it became easier. (Beware, the point of view will often change with no warning).

Overall, this is probably the most unique book I've ever read. It's far from perfect, but I liked it a lot (although I must admit much of it was over my head). If you're looking for something fun and different, give it a shot."