

The One Eyed Dude

  delivers you with

..:: 3 in da row Game Collection! ::..


:. Full Title #1 .:

.: A x y   S n a k e   3 D:.


:. About .:

.: Axy Snake! :. (Win 95/98/ME/2000/XP/VISTA)

AxySnake is a 3D action game based on the famous Snake game. 
By giving the classic Snake a new dimension, we have given it a new life. 
3D graphic effects are strengthened by stereo sounds! Many wonderful 
music tracks are included in the game. Frightening monsters and a variety 
of bonuses all made in full 3D bring the old game to an entirely new level. 
The complete AxySnake distribution package includes 6 types of games. 
Overall, there are 80 different levels in the game!
Each game consists of several levels. To pass a level it is necessary to feed 
the snake and make it grow to a certain length. When the snake reaches
the required length, your friend will bring you a key to the next level. 
The snake must eat this key so that the door to the following level will open! 
Avoid eating the stones. They are bad for the snake's health. 
Avoid dark parts of the woods, where dangerous monsters lurk. 
Be attentive. At various levels there are dangerous insects. 
By collecting prizes, you can increase your lives, your score and your time.
(Win 95/98/ME/2000/XP/VISTA)

How to Run: INSTALL.Game.for.WinXP.exe
            INSTALL.Game.for.Vista.exe

to install game for the your O/S....

Note: Read Info file included to get registration infos!.



2nd



:. Full Title #2 .:

.: Crazy Machines: The new challenges :. (Win 95/98/ME/2000/XP/VISTA)

:. About .:

Over 100 fantastic new levels, 10 new elements and many clever 
enhancements will prove a hard test for all you modellers and logical 
thinkers! The new elements and new functions for existing components
breathe exciting new life into the Professor's experiments

how will the experiment react to the moon's gravity? 
What will happen when a cannon is fired and the after 
effects of the shot actually change gravity?

How do you start a Zeppelin with the hand vacuum? 
You'll get answers to all these questions and more in 
"Crazy Machines - New Challenges".

Of course you also have these new elements available 
in the Editor. With the combination of the existing 
elements and these new functions, you can create crazy,
breathtaking levels - levels that would have Einstein himself 
pulling his hair out in frustration!

Features:

* Over 100 new levels
* 10 new elements
* Numerous new functions for existing elements
* New background music
* Professor's commentary frequency in three levels
* "Enlightenment Key" if you wish, this will display the level designer's 
   own solution after you've finished the level yourself.
* Restriction of components now relaxed in the Editor
* Gravity can now be set in three stages in the Editor: Earth / Moon/ None
* Additional tooltips for a clearer overview
* Improved element selection


How to Run: INSTALL.Game.for.WinXP.exe
            INSTALL.Game.for.Vista.exe

Note: 
copy the crack from crack to main folder, if asks for overwriting
answer with YES.



following 1 Rip:


:. rip title .:

.: Moorhuhn Skybots! -english- rip! :.



:. ripped .:

company logo, intro-sequence...



:. About .:

Moorhuhn Shootem up... funny for a short time.
there isnt anything else to say about these chicks.(!).
ripped are company logo/intro.

Install: Go to folder and Double Click on > KentuckyFriedChicken.bat




Special Info Note:

Some virus-scanner recognize the header of packed exe's as a lame virus (coz it's
the mostly byte by byte check error of 'em!. This is truly a false information!.




-ToeD