The 69 Eyes - Paris Kills

Supplier: Kimmo S?der
Ripper: Kimmo S?der
Genre: Gothic Rock
Tracks: 10 Tracks
Year: 2002
Source: CD
Language: English
Grabber: EAC v0.9 Beta 3
Release Date: 04/18/2002
Street Date: 05/21/2002
Label: EMI/Virgin/Poko
Quality: 192kbps/HQ/44,1kHz
Channels: True Stereo
Size: 58,2 MB
Encoder: LAME v3.91

Tracks:

01. Crashing High
02. Dance D'Amour
03. Betty Blue
04. Grey
05. Radical
06. Don't Turn Your Back On Fear
07. Stigmata
08. Forever More
09. Still Waters Run Deep
10. Dawn's Highway

THE 69 EYES have been perfecting the Goth n' Roll sound now for about 10 years. They struck oil on their last disc "Blessed Be" which charted all over the place in Europe and their homeland of Finland. You can call it TYPE O NEGATIVE with Jyrki's Peter Steele drab vocals, but they have more kick in their music.

This time around on "Paris Kills", this should make them international superstars. While the Goth n' Roll remains intact, they have added an AOR style to their sound which gives it that 80's flavour along with the 80's style keyboard playing. "Crashing High" is just one example of how they had added more colour to their sound. They have hired female back ground vocalists that give even more life to the song in the same manor as Joe Cocker or anyone else of that calibre.

Their songs remain dark, but they have managed to make them very accessible to radio which is also a reason why they are on top of the world at the moment. "Dance D'Amour" returns to the more dark Goth format with the eerie keys, but have added a pop dynamic sound which is friendly to everyone and carries a lot of catchy melodies. "Grey" is a nice power ballad of sorts that is actually romantic, but still carries guitar riffs that can still bit you in the ass.

"Don't Turn Your Back On Fear" is another song that is screaming for radio airplay with its dynamic power Goth pop sound. The band even does a little Goth/Techno with "Stigmata" that could have you dancing under the moonlight into the early dawn.

THE 69 EYES have the winning recipe for a hit album and I don't think it will stop anytime soon. It also helps when you have lead vocalist Valo of the Finnish pop band H.I.M. guesting on a few tracks. You can do many things with the record: make passionate love like vampires, relax and mellow out, dance in the moonlight or fall asleep to Jyrki's down to earth singing. Either way you are a winner with this CD.

This is worthy of dying for, stealing, killing for it, or just plain buying it! Hunt high and low for this one. It's worth every single hard earned red penny.

Enjoy