Dr. Neau's Tournament Manager (March 21 2006)

Dr. Neau's Tournament Manager automates virtually every aspect of a poker tournament for you. Player management, Blinds Schedule management, Financial management, Seating management, Chip management, League statistics, Updates to players during play, A complete history of action, A tournament checklist, and a hand timer.

When you register you get the extended features which currently include:
* Managing more than 12 players
* Managing more than 2 tables
* Saving & loading customized consoles
* Saving & loading leagues
* Using the client/server capabilities

Overview:

Dr. Neau's Tournament Manager automates virtually every aspect of a poker tournament for you.
Player management - Track who you expect to show up, buy players in, purchase add-ons & rebuys and eliminate players. The tool walks you though each of these actions and automates the dirty work for you. Player rosters imported from/exported to a resource file, from the player database or imported from another tournament.

Blinds Schedule management - Create your blinds schedule using the blinds schedule wizard (or design your own blind schedule...or use one of the built-in schedules.) Schedules include three types of segments (pre-tournament countdown, general play and break). For each segment, you can specify the duration, which add-ons are available, which rebuys are available, which chips need to be traded in and whether or not the timer should pause at the end of the segment. For play segments, you can additionally track the limit type, ante, small blind and large blind. Finally, the main console displays a console specific to the currently active segment. Blinds schedules can be imported from/exported to a resource file or imported from another tournament.

Financial management - You have complete financial control over your tournament. First, you can now specify multiple types of buy-ins, rebuys and add-ons for your tournament (although, you'll typically just define at most one of each). For each buy-in, rebuy and add-on type, you define the total cost, the chips received and the house rake. For add-ons and rebuys, you specify whether or not they are limited and what the limit is. You can specify a general bounty that applies to every player as well as an additional bounty on specific players. You can specify a fixed overall rake for the entire prize pool, set aside a certain amount of the prize pool for special awards (like best hand of the tournament) and specify any amount that you are throwing into the pool (if you are a very generous host). For payouts, you can define a tiered payout schedule (i.e. 1-10 buy-ins pays 2 spots, 11-20 pays 3, etc.). For each tier, the number of places to pay can be entered manually by you or calculated from the number of buy-ins. Pool percentages over the paid spots can be entered manually by you or you can use one of the built-in formulas (like I do) to automatically distribute the percentages in a fair and consistent manner regardless of how many people buy-in. You can specify fixed amounts or other prizes (like "New Car") to specific spots in the payout schedule. There is also a player summary screen which show ALL up-to-date financial data for every player. Finally, the main console can display many different types of financial information (highlights include vertically and horizontally scrolling widgets). Financial settings can be imported from/exported to a resource file or imported from another tournament.

Seating management - Using the seating manager, you enter your table names and seats per table, then let the tool go to work. Have it automatically seat all players randomly (or you pick their seats) and pick the initial dealer. Display your seating on the main console when you need it. As you eliminate players, it will watch for table balancing and consolidation opportunities (based on parameters you specify). As opportunities are found, it will prompt you and offer to reseat people automatically...then notify you what it did.

Chip management - Use the chip manager to manage everything about your chips. Once you enter the information on your chips (colors, values, quantities and designs), you can use the application to calculate an initial chip distribution. The application can also then dynamically calculate when it's time to chip up and automatically update your blinds schedule accordingly. Finally, chip values and their colors/designs can be displayed on the main console for all players to see.

League statistics - Once you've run a few tournaments, you can use the league rankings portion of the tool to rank your players using one of the built-in formulas (or a formula you've designed!) You can also filter out players who haven't played in enough tournaments to qualify in your rankings system. Rankings information can be exported to HTML or pasted into MS Excel.

Updates to players during play - All critical information that players need during a tournament is displayed on the main console (great for projecting onto a wall). Best of all, the main console is completely configurable. You choose from over 30 different components you want to see, including active chip count, active level name, active seat count, active table count, add-on count, ante, ante/blinds, average chip stack, blinds, buy-in count, chip case, chip consolidation recommendation, deck color, generic label, large blind, limit type, next level summary, occupied seat count, payouts/results (vertically scrolling), payouts/results (horizontally scrolling), previous level summary, prize pool, rebuy count, remaining player count, small blind, time in round, time of day, time of end of tournament, time to next break, tournament description and tournament title. You configure them to your heart's content and save your configured consoles into a resource file. Alerts can fire depending on certain events (such as "player eliminated"). Each alert can have an audio associated with it (choose from one of the several built-in audios or references your own). Each alert can also display a large message on the main console, (such as "Dr. Neau has won the tournament"). Finally, consoles can be displayed to remote client systems (regardless of their OS)...and unlike other tools, the audios will play on all systems even if you don't have a network drive mapped.

A complete history of action - All important events (buy-ins, add-ons, rebuys, eliminations, tournament start & end) are stored in a history log that can be referenced at any time. If you accidentally perform an action you did not intend (like you eliminated the wrong player), you can just delete the event or edit it. The tool will ensure that you don't do anything to the event log to leave it in an invalid state (such as removing a buy-in for a player that someone has eliminated).

A tournament checklist - Design your own reusable checklist to make sure you don't forget anything. You can check items as "complete", add help details to the note (like "I got the chairs at Sam's Club"), or notes to the items as your work on them (like "Steve didn't show up again...don't invite him next time").

A hand timer - Put your players on the clock using the hand timer. It will give visual and audio alerts as it nears the end and expires.

Online documentation - The tool has built-in hyper-linked documentation available from the help menu. In the documentation, you'll find a quick start guide, a poker glossary, an application glossary, an index, information on getting support, information on donating to Dr. Neau, up-to-date releases notes (with known outstanding issues, recent enhancements and planned enhancements) and links to useful poker sites. The documentation continues to expand as I have time.