"The Corporation"

Release Date: 2003

IMDB URL: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0379225/

Genre: Documentary / History

Runtime: 145 min / Argentina:150 min (Buenos Aires Festival Internacional de Cine Independiente) / Hong Kong:165 min (Hong Kong International Film Festival) 

	Brief Summary: 

Documentary that looks at the concept of the corporation throughout recent history up to its present-day dominance.

	Extended Summary: 

Since the late 18th century American legal decision that the business corporation organizational model is legally a person, it has become a dominant economic, political and social force around the globe. This film takes an in-depth psychological examination of the organization model through various case studies. What the study illustrates is that in the its behaviour, this type of "person" typically acts like a dangerously destructive psychopath without conscience. Furthermore, we see the profound threat this psychopath has for our world and our future, but also how the people with courage, intelligence and determination can do to stop it.




*****




FROM THE FILMMAKER, 2010-02-14: 

Why bother download this version when the complete film with all on-screen text, is available as a torrent, distributed by the filmmakers themselves? We included complete subtitles for all Spanish spoken in the film.

We would have had no reason to release this "titleless" version to the public, (and I know of no DVD distributor who would, and I'd sure like to know where it came from). This version would be used to supply distributors and broadcasters of non-English language versions of the film so they can insert titles in their country's language.

Without all the text you'll miss quite a bit. Like the names of the 40 interview subjects and what they do for starters. There's all kinds of other textual information throughout the film that is essential to understanding it. Please download a different version than this.

If you like the film and can support our outreach efforts, please go to www.thecorporation.com and make a contribution. Thanks.

Mark Achbar,
Co-director, Producer, Executive Producer,
The Corporation