Seems it was quite populair so here's some more episodes.

If anyone likes i could upload some more?

Let me know :-)



Episodes:

106 - "Crazy" 
Original Airdate: NBC 9/4/2K 
Peggy and Declan find themselves at odds when Declan interferes with one of her patients - a schizophrenic who claims to be hearing a voice. Peggy wants to put her on medication, but Declan suspects there may be more to this voice that?s trying to communicate with her. 

107 - "Spirit Junction" 
Original Airdate: NBC 8/21/2K 
Declan travels to the small town of East Gilmore to investigate a mysterious legend of protective spirits. There, he discovers more than just an eerie tale of children's ghosts pushing stalled cars off railway tracks, but a town full of pain, unable to recover from a horrible tragedy. 
Guest Starring: Dale Midkiff, Jim Byrnes, Timothy Webber, Sandra Ferens 

108 - ?The Ties That Bind? 
Original Airdate: NBC 9/11/2K 
Declan?s overwhelmed assistant Miranda starts to act strangely, and along with three other people, finds herself drawn to a bridge in Alaska. Though none of them know why they?re there, all of them feel the urge to jump off this bridge. As the mystery unfolds, they discover that the bond they have between them is deeper than they ever imagined. 
Guest Starring: Laurie Murdoch, Tom Heaton, Ingrid Tesch, Zach Martin, Chilton Crane 

109 - "Demons" 
Original Airdate: PAX 9/12/2K 
Peggy is assigned to the case of an attempted suidide and piques Declan?s interest when the girl claims she is haunted by demons. As Peggy struggles to help the tormented girl, Declan uncovers a terrible secret lurking behind the patient?s disturbances. 

1010 - "Intentions" 
Original Airdate: PAX 11/28/2K 
Peggy struggles when she begins seeing the ghost of a patient who recently committed suicide, jeopardizing her career in the process. Meanwhile, Declan also finds his employment at risk when his pursuit of miraculous phenomena interferes with his classroom responsibilities.