Joseph Gardner, California State Univ. Lib., Northridge  
Library Journal : "Lings provides a wealth of detail on the life of Muhammad, the time and place of many Koranic revelations, and the foundation of Islam, all based exclusively on 8th- and  9th-century Arabic biographical sources and collections of the sayings attributed to Muhammad. General readers will find a well-written, straightforward chronological narrative; Muslim readers will appreciate the favorable treatment of Muhammad; while specialists will find a faithful and convenient rendering of source material."  


The Islamic Quarterly
'This is easily the best biography of the Prophet in the English language.' Dr. Victor Danner (Indiana University) 'An enthralling story that combines impeccable scholarship with a rare sense of the sacred worthy of his subject.' (The Spectator) 'Muhammad is a true work of art, as enthralling as the best novels with the difference that this is not fiction but fact.' 

Book Description
? This is the first paperback edition of this important work, which sold 7,500 copies in the cloth edition

? The Muslim population of the U.S. is on a strong growth curve. It is estimated that there are now between 4 and 7 million Muslims in the U.S.

This is the definitive, objective biography of the Prophet, drawn from primary Arabic sources of the 8th and 9th centuries, and includes passages never before translated. It owes its freshness and directness of approach to the words of the men and women who heard Muhammad speak and witnessed the events of his life. 

About the Author
Martin Lings (1909-2005) was a renowned British scholar who taught at several European universities and the University of Cairo. He was the keeper of Oriental manuscripts in the British Museum and the British Library and the author of numerous books on religion and spirituality, including The Book of Certainty, What is Sufism?, Ancient Beliefs and Modern Superstitions, and the internationally acclaimed Muhammad: His Life Based on the Earliest Sources. 

