+ info: http://www.pinkproject.org/

Pink Project was founded in 1994 with the purpose to play Pink Floyd's 'The Wall' with the intensity and emotion like the original Wallshows in, for example, Earl's Court in London.

ON THE WING TOUR 2004
In 2004 Pink Project celebrated it's 10th anniversary with a awesome show in the Caprera open air theatre for about 1560 people! The weather and atmosphere were superb! As diverse as Pink Floyd's music is, so diverse was our gig in the Zuiderpark theatre in The Hague compared to the one in the Caprera. This legendary concert took place on August 13. In heavy rainfall Pink Project played it's best show ever! The weather conditions caused a certain 'Floydian magic' that's never seen before!

Both concerts are recorded by 8 camera's and high-end audio equipment. May 1st is the release of the first Pink Project dvd wich is a project that took 10 months to complete. A dutch band never went as far as we did to release a dvd. Production-technically as well as financially

Pink Project 2004 consists of 10 musicians. The drummer, Ronald Kokshoorn, and keyboard player, Ebert Zwart, (both also involved in a Genesis project) are probably better performers than Wright and Mason, one of the backing vocalists has an incredible voice (Great gig in the sky!), the saxplayer seems to be ready to join Pink Floyd for the next stadium tour (?) and the bass player (Chattelin) has a voice that is very close to that of Mr. Waters. True, the guitar sound and voice of David Gilmour is impossible to immitate, but the guitarist (Danny Vromans) who played most of the solo's is a true craftsman. Beside that; the band has a great timing, integrating the original samples and sound effects in the music. To complete the show: they used a quadrofonic sound system, a huge inflateble pig and 12 women in school uniforms performed in 'Another brick in the wall part 2' Highlights of the 2,5 hour show were definitely: 'Welcome to the machine', 'Astronomy domine', 'Dogs' (can the real Floyd do it any better?), 'The great gig in the sky', 'In the flesh' and 'Comfortably numb'. And the crowd went wild!

Dvd9
sound is AC3 2 chanels