Directed by David Riker

User Rating: 7.3/10 (163 votes) 
http://imdb.com/title/tt0168589/

From The New Yorker
David Riker's stunning first feature-four short films that dramatize the Latin-American immigrant experience in New York-is a quiet, unpolitical, reflective study of dreams and devastation. The nonprofessional actors and unresolved story lines give the film the feeling of an unfinished documentary, which allows the audience to carry over the various characters' anxieties from story to story. Shot in black-and-white, Riker's neorealistic imagery is subtle and quite moving. In Spanish and English. -Bruce Diones
Copyright © 2006 The New Yorker

THE CITY (LA CIUDAD), the feature film debut of writer/director David Riker, is a moving tribute to the struggles and hopes of a group of new Latin American immigrants facing the harsh realities of urban America. Reminiscent of THE GRAPES OF WRATH and THE BICYCLE THIEF in its realistic and gritty portrayal, THE CITY delves deep inside this community of newcomers, creating a powerful and incisive drama about the life which they now face in a new and unfamiliar world? A group of men hired to work in an abandoned lot are left stranded in the face of tragedy; A young man arriving from Mexico falls in love with a girl from his home village, only to lose her in the intimidating urban wilderness; A puppeteer living homeless with his daughter dreams that she?ll one day learn to read, but is unable to make his simple dream a reality; and a seamstress, desperate to send money home to help her sick daughter, is trapped working in a sweatshop, eventually rebelling against her employers. A strikingly authentic drama, THE CITY takes us on an eye-opening and heartfelt journey through a world of frustration, hope and sheer will of spirit, and in the process leaves us with an enlightened view of a determined group of struggling contemporary Americans.



Éstas son las caras de inmigrantes latinoamericanos en los Estados Unidos. LA CIUDAD (THE CITY) cuenta historias con temas de la soledad, el amor, la frustración y la esperanza con cuatro personas recientemente llegadas a una ciudad grande y cómo se esfuerzan en construir sus vidas, sus comunidades, y sus sueños.

Los sensibles retratos del director de cine David Riker presentan más allá de los estereotipos revelando las vidas reales de personas alrededor de nosotros: nuestros tíos, primos, hermanas e hijos.

enjoy and please seed
saludos