Source : CD
Ripper : EAC 0.95b (Secure mode)
Codec : MP3
Encoder : LAME 3.97
Command line : -V 0 --vbr-new -m s
Bitrate : VBR ~250kbps
Mode : Stereo
Frequency : 44100Hz
Tags : ID3v2.3

Biography
Before fulfilling her childhood dream of becoming a professional singer and songwriter, Carla Bruni had already been included on Business Age's list of the 20 highest-paid models, had appeared in the films Prêt-à-Porter and Unzipped, and had been romantically linked to Mick Jagger, Eric Clapton, Kevin Costner, and Donald Trump. The heiress of a tire manufacturing fortune, Bruni's family moved from their native Italy to Paris, France, when she was four. After attending boarding school in Switzerland she returned to Paris, where she was encouraged to try modeling as a career by her brother's girlfriend. Paul Marciano -- president and creative director of GUESS? -- picked Bruni's headshot out of a stack of photographs and turned the 19-year-old into an overnight sensation. She kept busy doing photo shoots and runway work for Prada, Chanel, Christian Dior, and Givenchy. In a 1998 interview Bruni declared that the lack of creativity she was experiencing in the fashion world had led her to the decision to only model in special cases. Rare appearances for Yves Saint Laurent and Jean Paul Gaultier kept her in the fashion press, but she was making even more headlines in the gossip world, where she was painted as the woman responsible for the breakups of Mick Jagger and Jerry Hall as well as Donald Trump and Marla Maples. In 2003, a reinvented Bruni released her debut album, Quelqu'un M'a Dit. An album filled mostly with songs written by the singer in the style of her idols -- Joni Mitchell and Serge Gainsbourg -- Quelqu'un M'a Dit was an instant hit in France, selling one million copies soon after its release. Her second album, No Promises, appeared in January 2007.

All Music: http://www.allmusic.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=11:acfrxqy0ldfe~T0


Sample: http://media.putfile.com/09---Chanson-triste