 

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0096487/

Young Guns (1988)

Rated R 

1 hr 42 mins 

Westerns 

On DVD 04-22-2003 

Director: Christopher Cain

Writer: John Fusco

Producers: Christopher Cain, James G. Robinson

Actors:
Emilio Estevez
Kiefer Sutherland
Charlie Sheen

 


SYNOPSIS

British ranchowner John Tunstall (Terence Stamp) hires six young men to help him tend and guard his ranch. In addition he also teaches them to read and to be civilized, but soon Tunstall is murdered by a corrupt and ruthless competing cattle rancher. The six 'young guns' go seeking revenge and are erroneously branded outlaws by the law, until they can clear their names. The six young guns are played by Emilio Estevez, Kiefer Sutherland, Lou Diamond Phillips, Charlie Sheen, Dermot Mulroney and Casey Siemaszko.

 
REVIEW

Cain doesn't so much tip his hat to the Western as thumb his nose affectionately. The plot is a pastiche of the Doc Holliday and Billy the Kid legends, with a smattering of The Magnificent Seven, all wrapped up in the silliness of Bonanza. Stamp plays John Tunstall, an educated English gent with a dubious fondness for the youthful tearaways he hires as 'regulators' to guard his ranch, where new recruit Estevez is introduced to a life of cattle lassoing by day and poetry reading by night. If Stamp's namby-pamby ways endear him to his young charges, they don't go down too well with the wild and woolly townsfolk (led by Palance), who eventually shoot him down. What follows, as Estevez (Billy) and Sutherland (Doc Scurlock) lead the gang (including Sheen and Phillips) in a vengeful chase that culminates in a classic shootout, is a mixed homage to the craggy Arizona landscape and the pert boyishness of the bratpack cast. Little more than a flawed romp, but energetic and enjoyable, with sterling performances from Sutherland and Estevez. 
  
 
 
Codec: Xvid
Size: 896MB
Runtime: 01:46:45
Resolution: 608x336 (1.81:1) 
Bitrate: 1040 kb/s
FPS: 23.97
Qf: 0.212 bits/pixel
Audio: English. No sub.
128 kb/s (64/ch, stereo) CBR 


  

 My torrents: 
http://www.h33t.com/userdetails.php?id=26111&returnto=%2F