Computer Pilot Magazine - Vol 11 Iss 11 - November 2007 

How Can So Much Flight Simulation Be Packed Into One Magazine? And Each Month To Boot!



REVIEWS

Vox ATC X

HelgoLand

Airport Facilitator X

PLUS

Horton's Hints For FSX

News and New Releases

Pull Out Poster

Virtual Aviator

Freeware Frenzy

SPIN & STALL RECOVERY
The title of this article indicates that we are going to recap spins and expand on stalls. Since the stall is always preceded by a spin letâ??s also recap stalls covered in previous CP articles.

Flying Green with Farmboyzim - Greenland 
Here we go, off on another of â??Farmboyzimâ??s Green Flightsâ??. These are flights in areas around this big blue marble of ours we live on which deserve attention, in both the real world and the simulated world. This time around, we are going to head over to Greenland, and see for ourselves (virtually of course), just what is going on with the North Polar Ice Pack and the Ice Sheet that covers Greenland.

Making it Real: Real ATC â?? The Next Big Thing 
â??If youâ??ve been flying MS flight simulator for as long as I have, thereâ??s no doubt you already take real weather for granted. Now you can uncover the boundless possibilities of integrating real ATC into you flight sim experienceâ?¦â??

Meet Your Makers - Burkhard Renk 
"When I say â??MyTrafficâ?? I am sure many of you will have the â??ahaâ?? experience. Of course you know MyTraffic (and perhaps the MyWorld mesh and landclass series?). And after reading this interview, youâ??ll also know its creator, Burkhard Renk." 

Bringing Out FSX 
While Microsoft Flight Simulator X (FSX) is a magnificent advance over prior versions in many respects, itâ??s also an enormous burden on typical home computers. For it to work properly, most users must upgrade their systems at costs exceeding the basic programâ??s retail value by several times. And it still has many shortcomings carried over from prior versions. 

Customizing Airport Facilities Data 
For many users, recent versions of Microsoft Flight Simulator have been more than flight simulators; theyâ??ve been â??world of aviationâ?? simulators! Particularly with the addition of animated jetways and moving airport service vehicles in FSX, users can visualize more realistic airport operations in Flight Simulator than ever before. This article discusses commercial and freeware tools now available for customizing airports.

Dr Betzy Wong, Flight Sim Therapist â?? Session II 
I was awestruck! Never in my life had I been in the same room as a real life uniformed airline pilot. And she was right there in the waiting room of Dr Wongâ??s office. Although she looked pretty old to me (about 40) I still thought that she looked quite beautiful. Suddenly, all of my suspicions about Dr Wongâ??s bona fides simply melted away.

Flight Simulator X vs Quad Core 
How does FSX run on a Quad Core machine? David Smith finds out! 

VFR Flying in the Water Wonderland â?? Part II 
â??In Part 1 I said I would fly the default FSX Beaver. I changed my mind because it is not an amphibian. When you fly in the upper peninsula of Michigan you really need an amphibian aircraft.â??