Dequelo - Hanging loose
1.Hanging loose 3.49
2.Dont mess with my mind Â´3.50
3.How will i know?4.01

Dequelo - In vino veritas
1.Far away 4.44
2.fllow me 4.22
3.Something to say 2.56
4.Hunt me down 4.54





Past and present...    
The first forms of todayâ??s Dequelo started as an acoustic initiative, carrying influences from the music of the sixties and the seventies. Back in the early years Stefan and Linn were producing quite a lot of material, which today still is available on some rare cdÂ´s. As time went by, a desire grew, to expand the project. Thus Harri joined the session.
Stefan was a long time friend with Andreas, who was later set to play the drums. The two of them had earlier been making small projects together with Linn around the change of the millennium.

  
Somewhere around 2004, Harri and Stefan tried yet another, bigger idea. An idea probably aroused from a desire to form a band which no longer only would play acoustic music. Already at the drawing board it was known that Andreas was a skilful drummer, songwriter and guitarist. They had of course experience of Linnâ??s qualities as a vocalist. They started to turn things up and on, sometimes to eleven, you know...Quite a few of the early, slightly milder, songs where actually working really nice when the amplifiers were pushed to sweat.
     
  
So far H and S had switched turns on playing bass and lead guitar, which were thought of as a problem when performing in a live situation and the band felt that this situation had to be solved. A came up with the solution to this problem, as he was a personnel friend with Joel...

  
From the instant moment that J tried out for the band, the sound in quest was found, mostly due to him always being in the groove and also the instrument shifting became more subtle. Later on Linn presented the idea of having two female vocalists.    
  
Since she already had a friend in mind that would get the job done, the rest of the band wasnâ??t late to give it a shot. Karin tried out, was instantly installed and acclimatized. The six shooter now had a bullet in every chamber. The barrel of the gun.... Dequelo 
