USE THE USERNAME AND PROVIDED PASSWORD TO GET THE UPDATES

New Titanium - Maximum protection against viruses, spyware and hackers

The new Panda Antivirus + Firewall 2007 is much more than an antivirus. This solution will turn your PC into a fortress against hacker attacks and keep you safe from all types of viruses, spyware and online fraud.

Also includes:

- Panda Antivirus 
- Panda AntiSpyware 
- Panda Firewall 
- Panda TruPrevent 


Maximum protection against viruses, spyware and hackers


 Latest generation antivirus 

Automatically detects and eliminates all types of viruses, worms and Trojans
No doubt you keep photos, documents, games and other files on your PC. Panda Antivirus+Firewall 2007 protects them automatically from all types of viruses, worms and Trojans. Forget about infections!.


 Personal firewall 

Blocks hackers and intruders
Enjoy the Internet without the worry of hackers and intruders infiltrating your computer. Panda Antivirus+Firewall 2007 blocks them before they can enter, turning your computer into a fortress.


 Award-winning AntiSpyware 

Keeps your Internet activity private
Is your PC slower than usual? Do pop-up ads appear for no apparent reason? This could be caused by spyware. With Panda Antivirus+Firewall 2007 detects and eliminates spyware other solutions often miss, so you'll be able to use the Internet without anyone snooping on you..



 Online fraud protection 

Bank and shop online with complete peace of mind
Panda Antivirus+Firewall 2007 fights new scams designed to steal your login details, account numbers and other personal information.


 Automatic daily updates 

The product is automatically updated, at least once a day, to protect you against viruses, spyware and other threats. 


 Tech Support 24 hours a day - 365 days a year* 

Any time of the day or night, 365 days a year, our technicians will answer your inquiries and resolve problems over the phone or by email. Our Antivirus Laboratory will respond as quickly as possible whenever you need our help. And thanks to our International Alert Network, you will immediately be protected against new threats. 


 Installation requirements: 

Processor: Pentium 150 MHz or faster
RAM: 96 MB (256MB recommended)
Hard disk: 160 MB free space
Operating system: Windows XP, Windows 2000 Pro, Windows Me, Windows 98
Internet Explorer 5.01
CD-ROM drive. 


