The Hard Corps (2006) 2 cd ver.

Genre: Action

Tagline: Justice just hit the streets. 


Plot Summary: Jean-Claude will be playing a Combat Vet who's just spent the last 3 years fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq... 

User Comments: Awesome Movie! Van Damme rocks!


Cast overview, first billed only:  

 Jean-Claude Van Damme ....  Phillip Sauvage 

 Vivica A. Fox ....  Tamara Barclay 

 Razaaq Adoti ....  Wayne Barclay 
 Peter Bryant ....  Kendall Mullins 

 Mark Griffin ....  Casey Bledsoe 

 Ron Selmour ....  Simcoe 
 Aaron Au ....  Kim 

 Ron Bottitta ....  Det. Teague 

 Viv Leacock ....  Terrell Singletery 

 Craig Robert Young ....  Reporter 

 Dexter Bell ....  High Dog 
 Julian Christopher ....  Clarence Bowden 

 Tegan Summer ....  Jones 

 Nneka Croal ....  Jessie Otero 

 Sharon Amos ....  Lydia 



MPAA: Rated R for violence and language.
Runtime: Argentina:110 min / USA:110 min 
Country: USA 



Jean-Claude will be playing a Combat Vet who's just spent the last 3 years fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq, who is hired to be a bodyguard to a former World Heavyweight Boxing champ to protect him and his family against a Rap Music Mogul. He sets up a team called "The Hard Corps", complications arise when the boxer suspects that his sister may be in love with the bodyguard.

- - - -

I really enjoyed this film, not just because I'm a huge Van Damme fan, the story is really intense and Sheldon Lettich did a great job. Is very good to see that Van Damme is getting back, his acting is really good, and he still a great fighter. Razaaq Adoti was great too. Vivica A. Fox is sexy and perfect for her role. The Bad guys were awesome in too. The fight between Van Damme and Razaaq was very cool and real. In Hell, Wake of Death and The Hard Corps were great films.

Let's wait Til Death!!!

I give it a 7.8/10 


avi info:

display preferences:
w:576pix
h:304pix

audio preferences:
lengh: cd1 0:54:45 & cd 2 0:55:39
bit rate: 448kb/s


video preferences:
23cps
transfer rate: 218kb/s
sample rate: 12 bit
video coder: Xvid codec	