Manage contacts  
Special two pane Contact view: phone on one side and the PC on the other.   
The PC side can be linked to Outlook, Outlook Express, MS Exchange or Lotus Notes.
   
Edit directly a contact on either side.
   
Transfer a contact from one side to another.
   
SIM and phone memory can be managed separately   
   
PIM Import / Export wizards
   


Easy phone connection  
Connect your phone as easily as in the fundamentals version   
Set several distinct profiles for the same phone or for different phones.
   


Use wireless connection  
Fully use the potential of your phone and connect it using a Bluetooth connection. A wizard will guide you step by step for the first connection and makes the connection very easy.
   


Manage calendar  
Special two pane Calendar view: phone on one side and the PC on the other.    
The PC side can be linked to Outlook, Outlook Express, MS Exchange or Lotus Notes.
   
Edit directly an event on either side.
   
Transfer an event from one side to another.
   


Synchronization  
Synchronize your contacts, tasks and calendar with your e-mail application: Outlook, Outlook Express, MS Exchange and Lotus Notes. You can also set an automatic synchronization.
   


Internet connection  
Use your mobile DATA connection to connect your computer to the internet trough your mobile.
   


Write text messages (SMS, EMS)  
Write text messages using the keyboard of your PC
   
Insert smileys, sounds and images to your EMS text messages, change the text size and colors.   
   
Send multiple messages longer than 160 characters   
   


Create Picture Messages  
Compose different types of MMS with images, melodies and text included, all wrapped together into a single slide show.
   
Use animated GIF, add a background melody, and display titles at different times.
   


Edit pictures  
Add frames to your images and photos before transferring them to your phone to be used as screen savers and wallpapers   
   
Modify your images and photos: Crop and resize it to fit your phone screen size, add background colours, text, effects?
   


Edit sounds  
Modify your sounds and ring tones and transfer it to the phone.
   
Edit Midi files by selecting or deselecting the tracks that are to be used for the melody, change melody playback speed.   
   
Add either a fade in or out to your selected tune
   
Add either a fade in or out to your selected tune
Use directly any piece of music on a CD, edit it and then transfer the melody to your phone as a ring tone
   


Edit videos  
Create your own clips with video editing tools or modify an existing video, and transfer it to the phone.
   
Combine several clips, add background, music, titles, change brightness & contrast.   
   
Transform the video taken with your phone to another format better suited to other video editing products
 
