1. Death is an Adviser (0:00 - 3:36)

??In this short life of mine,
which feels so much like the life of an immortal
that has lived for too long, I often think of embracing Death.
Oh, how I wish to see and experience the spectral realms.
I have come to think that perhaps there is more life in death
than there is life in life; Modern life, the unlife.
I want to care about nothing and be free to do as I wish.
A wanderlust grows in me, but beautiful landscapes
to tread are withering away -- becoming a graveyard of stone,
metal, and the technology of disintegral civilization.
I want to be alone. I want to see no way.?
?Gogues must be routed, or ?til death man be Enslaved.
But by the antic nature of Faust and his raising inabstain [taking action],
by the will of ourselves can we go
beyond [the beyond] in the thoughts [and actions]
of the SELF gathered.
Nothing isn?t existence?everything is existence.
In whatever form [today],
the ?self? [commune] will only give its own view of wisdom
[developed solely for its mere self-image].
Each novel breed & descent
forever...have a becoming distinction.
Pay attention -- let senses be heightened:
silence [?peace?] turns into clamor [WAR].
Surroundings visible like waking up from minds of the drowned.
?Uncertain terrible dreams??
The only truer art is SUFFERING (beautiful suffering).
[What does not kill you makes you...]
?I?ve slept for too long
and I have woken up too soon!
Why can?t I sleep forever?? he asked again.
Fool?the beauty of torment is in evolution!
But in your [misguided] deconstruction?
?I'M LOST IN THE CASTLE OF LIES...EVERMORE!?
Hmph?
You are to walk out in a death that will be your catharsis.

2. Overcome this Crisis of the Modern World (3:37 - 7:53)

Notions spinning in their head like webs.
You came here to see their gnostic evil.
Their hearts bleeding out the rustic pain.
You are the vessels of hollow ice.
Took in vain their [the slaves] hate pumped veins.
They love the mere thought of slaying
in this habitat of lowly plight.
Rising fires, falling ashes, dust till one thousand nights,
ritual cuts and destructive gashes.
Comrades admitted into the [unholy] masses --
now Darkness invokes his wrath!
The slaves are programmed, downloading decadence
-- overridden and overloaded, something crueler every day.
Make a new society -- now we have to de-gray -- 
?cause everything here is falling apart.
All the fallen foliage has made man unsharp.
Tear down the static of these expired gardens,
just our roots remain.
There is no identity to those who have been cloned
and with no soul -- APATHETIC.
Thought you?ve been living?
You truly are not, ?cause?you are?the synthetic.
A Diamond Age would attempt
to plunge us into thorough obscurity,
but I will be free and valiant
as long as I and my people are whole.
Together, one!
Champions, not with guilt,
rivet through their [the slaves] utter hatred.
Overcome destructive emotion.

3. Jugend Freed from the Idiot Box (7:54 - 9:11)
4. Agogo -- game al fresco (9:12 - 9:57)