      Following the huge success of Albino, Rob Papen has teamed up
      with music software developer Jon Ayres to bring you his
      latest cross-fusion virtual synthesizer BLUE.
      
      This fresh new synth delivers FM Synthesis, Phase Distortion
      Synthesis, Wave Shaping Synthesis and Subtractive Synthesis is
      one creative combination! 
      
      BLUE has six oscillators which can be connected in various
      ways, two analogue style modelled stereo filters, an enormous
      range of processing and modulation options and an incredibly
      powerful sequencer, all brought together with the
      inspirational Rob Papen presets covering a wide range of
      musical styles. 
      Despite these heavy features, BLUE is so easy-to-use thanks to
      its user interface and the innovative 'easy edit' page for
      quick sound changes! 
      
      BLUE promises to exceed your expectations!
      
      Key features BLUE: 
      
      - VST2.0 and AU plug-in synthesizer for PC and Mac. 
      - Six Oscillators modules which include Analogue, Additive and
        Spectral type waveforms. Osc. A and B offer PWM modulation
        and symmetry control. Oscillators can be combined in several
        ways using 32 different modulation routings in the Algorithm
        screen. Oscillators can have FM modulation or Ring
        modulation and can be oscillator hard synced. Each
        oscillator can be output to the filters, the effects or
        output as dry. Dedicated screens available in the LCD screen
        section for Algorithm selection, Phase distortion / Wave
        shaping settings and Oscillator Envelopes. 
      - Two analogue modelled stereo Multimode filters, offering 6dB
        LowPass/HighPass, 12dB and 24dB
        LowPass/HighPass/BandPass/Notch, Ring, Comb and Vox
        (formant). Filters with panning, panning modulation options
        and pre-filtering distortion. Easy filter control by
        pre-defined modulation controllers like Envelope, Velocity,
        Keytrack and Modulation Wheel. 
      - Nine Envelopes, AHDSFR type. Direct connection to the
        Oscillators volume, Filters frequency and main Volume amp to
        make sound editing fast and easy. Graphic and fader-control
        of Envelopes in one go. Dynamic curves and midi tempo based
        features like delay and envelope retrigger. 
      - Four Multi-Envelopes, These free highly sophisticated
        envelopes can be built up using up to 16 sections. Full
        graphic control and additional menus with presets, load and
        save functions. Dynamic curves and midi tempo based
        functions.      
      - Ten LFOs with various waveforms and are midi-syncable.
        Directly connected to main targets to make sound editing
        easy and fast. Directly connected LFO's for PWM A/B, Filter
        Frequency A/B, Tremolo (amp), Vibrato (main pitch) and Three
        Free LFOs. LFO have adjustable, free/poly/mono modes,
        keytracking, symmetry, smoothing, attack, decay and humanize
        functions. 
      - Three modulation Step-sequencers with sequence loop
        start/end, poly/mono/free play modes, speed controls and
        step smooth function. Copy/paste/clear functions. 
      - Modulation Matrix with 2 pages of 10 slots. 12 synth sources
        & 23 midi sources and 103 synth destinations. 
      - 32 step mono sequencer, with sequencer length, speed adjust,
        slide amount, swing amount, volume smoothing. Each step has
        On/off, Reset, -32/+32 Semitune, Volume, Slide on/off,
        Filter A, Filter B and Free modulation settings. Clear, load
        and save functions to exchange sequences in between presets. 
      - Poly/Mono/Legato/Seq synthesizer play modes. Portmento
        featuring legato, switch-able constant time/constant rate.
        Mono unison mode. 
      - Adjustable Precision setting per oscillator to simulate the
        instability of vintage analogue synthesizers. 
      - 16-voice polyphony. Voice amount control. 
      - Global settings save with each individual preset like:
        keyboard velocity response curve, over-sampling settings and
        filter control smoothing. 
      - Easy Edit page for fast new sound results or for easy access
        tempo changes. 
      - External controller hardware (fader-box or synth) settings
        can be saved and restored. 
      - Two effects-blocks with serial and parallel mode. Nine
        stereo effects available including Mono Delay, Stereo Delay,
        Chorus, Flanger, Phaser, Distortion, Low Fi, Stereo Widener
        and Reverb. Midi tempo based settings in Delays, Phaser and
        Flanger. 
      - Equalizer for total overall sound. 
      - Sound banks of 32 presets inside build in browser. Preset
        handling with copy, paste, clear and compare function.
        Preset banks are sorted into style-maps for easy search. 
      - All settings included the global settings are stored inside
        each individual preset. 
      - Presets in clear catagories by Rob Papen.
      
        Version 1.7.0 (PC)
      
      - New features and increased audio quality
      - Less CPU and over 400 new presets