No excuses, I was lazy and seriously forgot about uploading the C2C this week. Any way, here is what you freaks have been waiting for. Please SEED as this is the beginning of 2008 and let's start it off with a bang. Thanks in advance and I am going to do my best to get things back on track. Later All! Stokeman out, until next time, hopefully not eleven days from now....

Wednesday December 26th, 2007
UFOs and Presidents
UFO Researcher and author Grant Cameron presented stories and documentation of U.S. Presidents and their involvement with UFO phenomena. He also discussed various presidential candidates and their UFO related experiences. Many of the current candidates,...
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Grant Cameron, Stephen S. Mehler

Thursday December 27th, 2007
Astronomy & Asteroids
Astronomer Phil Plait spoke about various space-related news and stories. An asteroid, 2007 WD5, has a 1 in 75 chance (possibly 1 in 25) of hitting Mars on Jan. 30th. Scientists are hopeful that the collision will occur as it would give them the opportunity... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Phil Plait, Warren Getler, Jerome Corsi

Friday December 28th, 2007
Privacy Issues & Open Lines
Filling in for George, Ian Punnett welcomed author and consultant Andrew Colarik, who commented on various privacy-related issues during the first two hours of Friday's show. Colarik spoke about the domestic satellite surveillance program, which... 
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): Open Lines, Andrew Colarik

Saturday December 29th, 2007
Food & Mental Health
Clinical nutritionist and author of The Crazy Makers, Carol Simontacchi discussed the relationship between food and mental health. She pointed out that a direct causative relationship exists between the consumption of fruits and vegetables and depression... 
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): Carol Simontacchi, Howard Bloom

Sunday December 30th, 2007
Predictions for 2008 - Part I
Art Bell hosted Part I of his Annual Predictions Show, with callers invited to share one event they see coming in 2008. Here are some of the predictions Coast listeners made for 2008: Chris from NYC said that in March the price of oil will drop down... 
Host: Art Bell
Guest(s): Open Lines

Monday December 31st, 2007
Predictions for 2008 - Part II
Art Bell hosted Part II of his Annual Predictions Show, with callers invited to share one event they see coming in 2008. Here are some of the predictions Coast listeners had for 2008: Bill from Toronto predicted that Blackberry sales will hit $2... 
Host: Art Bell
Guest(s): Open Lines

Tuesday January 1st, 2008
Predictions Special: 2008
Kicking off the New Year, Ian Punnett hosted Coast to Coast AM's annual prediction show featuring psychics and prognosticators sharing what they see coming in the year 2008. In order of the guests' appearances, here are some of the highlights: Trendcaster... 
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): Gerald Celente, Galen Cook, George Ure, Paul Guercio, Glynis McCants, Sean David Morton, Mark Lerner

Wednesday January 2nd, 2008
America's Economic Crisis
In a 4-hour special on America's economic problems, Rollye James spoke separately with four financial experts. First up was author and radio host Andre Eggelletion who discussed problems with the Federal Reserve and its historical background. The Fed..
Host: Rollye James
Guest(s): Michael Shedlock, Andre Eggelletion, Joe Meyer, Catherine Austin Fitts

Thursday January 3rd, 2008
UFOs & Parallel Realities
Author and expert on alien abduction, Whitley Strieber joined Art Bell for a discussion on close encounters, drones, and parallel dimensions. Strieber's latest encounter took place last month in Santa Monica where he witnessed a large object in the...
Host: Art Bell
Guest(s): Whitley Strieber

Friday January 4th, 2008
Avian Flu Pandemic
Art Bell spoke with practicing internist Dr. Gary Ridenour about why he believes that avian flu represents the greatest health threat to mankind in the history of the world. The current strain of avian flu kills about 60% of the people who contract... 
Host: Art Bell
Guest(s): Gary Ridenour

Saturday January 5th, 2008
Solar Cycle 24
Futurist John Jay Harper discussed how Solar Cycle 24 indicates we're entering a cataclysmic cycle for climate and civilization. Full recap to follow...
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): John Jay Harper, Galen Cook