PAL


METAL WOLF CHAOS


Language Barrier: Very low. (Chaos is presented mostly in English, including the main menus and spoken dialog. Non-Japanese speakers should have no trouble exploring every nook and cranny of the game.) 
 

Xbox gamers looking for a fun new import will find that From Software's latest looks great on paper: a fast-paced mech game starring the president of the United States, powered by the famed Otogi 2 engine, and coated with a theme of political satire. In fact, the game looks nice in action too; it's only after extended play when Metal Wolf Chaos sputters from "great" to merely "good."

The premise of Chaos is perfect for a mech game and dinnertime conversation. Players begin the game as the heroic 47th U.S. President who mans a vertical tank to win back his country from the traitorous vice president, Richard Hawk. With coup d'etat forces camping out on 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, players start by crashing through the front door of the White House in a desperate escape to reach a secret underground tunnel. This passage links the president's front lawn with a hanger for Air Force One housed under the Washington Memorial. The first stage wraps up with the President piloting Air Force One out of the depths of the memorial's Reflecting Pool (yes, flying out of a man-made lake) and into the sky.

What follows is a ten hour roller coaster ride in a happily demented take on the American presidency. Players escape Washington D.C. only to embark on a coast-to-coast tour of the U.S., hitting terrorist hotspots from Beverly Hills to Houston and Miami Beach. Most of the game's fifteen stages require players to track down and destroy communication towers -- not exactly an enthralling mission objective. Killing enemy soldiers and rival mechs is often optional, but doing so can yield nice combos which can be later uploaded and displayed on Xbox Live. The Chicago stage mixes up the gameplay a bit as a time limit is affixed to the stage and sarin gas threatens to cloud the windy city, making it one of the most difficult and enjoyable stops.

Over a hundred unique weapons can be found in the game, ranging from sniper rifles and shotguns to rail guns and surface-to-air missiles (additional weapons can also be downloaded over Xbox Live). Each stage is littered with hidden items and imprisoned scientists that later play a factor in the "garage," a makeshift research lab where players can buy weapons and invest in new technologies. Players can also equip and experiment with weapon combinations in the garage before every mission. Once in the heat of battle, a press of the B button will cause the mech to unfold its two overgrown shoulders like an outstretched butterfly, revealing the player's entire arsenal in one of the coolest animations ever executed in an action game.

With this variety, Chaos was built upon a deep combo system designed to keep players coming back for repeated play. By maintaining a speedy barrage of attacks, long combos can be racked up by linking together kills of enemy troops, tanks, and helicopters. Unfortunately, most players will find the game's combo system too rigid to be fully appreciated. Meticulously practiced, minute-long combos can be interrupted by frustrating glitches and annoying gameplay tips offered by the President's secretary. Gamers who have spent long hours perfecting combos in games like Otogi or Tony Hawk's Pro Skater will find this is an unforgivable misstep by From Software and its QA team. With fluid, near-perfect controls and a competent Xbox Live ranking feature, the haphazard combo system is the game's most regrettable flaw and ultimately holds the game from greatness.

Story wise, Metal Wolf Chaos trends on some icy territory with themes of homeland terrorism, a bellicose president, and even depicts terrorists threatening New York's Times Square in addition to firing missiles at the Statue of Liberty. However, Chaos is presented as a satire of Saturday morning cartoon quality. The graphics, music, and characters' vernacular all drip of super-sized Americana, giving the game a surprisingly fresh and fun atmosphere. The developers, however, still use Chaos to poke fun at America and the current administration (the game's president is undoubtedly a caricature of George W. Bush, who is depicted as the second of a former president and a guy with a quick trigger finger).

While the story is lighthearted, the in-game narration often time weighs too heavily upon the shoulders of the President's secretary and gameplay guide, the chatty Operator. Described in Chaos as a young and sexy assistant, Operator lacks the charisma and voice acting abilities to properly sell the game's fun-natured theme. Often times Operator enters a forced, insincere tone that is unconvincing and annoying. More importantly, the game's engine even suffers under her mindless chatter as sound bits stack up, causing her comment about a gutsy jump the player performed to reach the television speakers to show up thirty seconds after the fact.

Visually, players will find Chaos makes a great first impression. After escaping D.C., the game moves to San Francisco's famed China Town at dusk, which features brillant neon lights and a festive, destructive atmosphere. Like Otogi 2, nearly every building in Chaos can be laid to waste, giving it a fun and mindless quality reminiscent of the classic arcade game Rampage. The graphics in later stages are hit and miss. The Grand Canyon is awe-inspiring in its grandiose scale, while the wooden structures of Tucson's Old Town look copy-and-pasted.

In short, it's easy to tell Chaos was developed in just eight months. Its intuitive controls, cheeky story, and explosive Otogi 2-powered graphics make for an enjoyable first run through, but it's the repeated play (with the broken combo system and ear-piercing female sidekick) that mar an otherwise great game. The good news is that Metal Wolf Chaos may still be destined for greatness as From Software promises a beefier version of the game for its North American release later this year, including head-to-head Xbox Live play. But in its current form, the version of Chaos sitting on Japanese store shelves should best be left there. 
 

 
