I uploaded this for my friend but I do hope it will be interesting for everyone else.


MOVIE.INFO

TITLE...........: Anne of the Green Gables
ORIGINAL TITLE..: Akage no Anne
YEAR............: 1979

IMDB.LINK.......: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0078560/
IMDB.RATING.....: 7,7/10 (53 votes)

A Nippon Animation production.
Written and directed by Isao Takahata.
Character designs and animation direction by Yoshifumi Kondo.
Layout by Hayao Miyazaki.


RIP.INFO

VIDEO.TYPE......: NTSC
RESOLUTION......: 512x384
LANGUAGE(S).....: [ ] English [X] Japanese
VIDEO.INFO......: [ ] Untouched [X] Encoded
SUBTITLES.......: [X] English fansub
RUNTIME.........: 25 min/50 episodes
FILE.TYPE.......: .avi

The resolution is not the best one, but the only time that it's desturbing is in the intro (really pixelated), which is not important for the story anyway. Everything else is really decent quality, you can watch it on a PC without any problem. 


REVIEWS

"It captures every emotion the novel delivers, from Anne's first depth of despair to last bend around the corner. Anne's chatters, Marilla's scornful love, Matthew's unconditional love, the rivalry romance between Anne and Gilbert, they are all there. It does not miss out anything, and I do mean anything. It is truly a masterpiece. The characters are drew beautifully, especially Anne and Gilbert. And the sceneries are breathtaking. You would never imagine this was made in 1979 if you saw it for yourself. And the music. Oh, the music is also just incomparable. The music will be remembered for such a long time. This series is incomparable to Anne of Green Gables animation series that's being made these days. If you have access to this animation, give it a chance. Just one episode and you'll fall in love with it forever."
 
"This is without question the definitive Anne. I think this is the case, not only because the long running time allows for the entire novel to be dramatized, but because Takahata and his writers know the material. They deeply know this story and feel it in their bones. They keenly understand the subtleties of the various characters, their unique traits and quirks.

It's a bit of a challenge, because the novel always revolves around Anne and never leaves her orbit. A lot of time is devoted to all the other characters around Green Gables, and they are given a weight and dimension that is always consistent with what Montgomery originally imagined."
 
http://www.danielthomas.org/pop/film_reviews/anne.htm


This anime is worth seeing, after all it is the masterpiece of Takahata from Studio Ghibli and it was the 1979 season of World Masterpiece Theatre. And it ranks among Takahata's greatest achievements.



