--------------- Grand Theft Auto San Andreas Real v2 --------------- 
http://www.ovisebdan.com


****English****

Thank you for downloading GTA SA Rv2. Some of you may have heard of or played the first version, which was
crawling with bugs, but I assure you, v2 is a lot more stable. The most important thing is that you can, unlike in
the first version, actually finish the game by accomplishing all the missions. There still are a few bugs left,
bugs that crash the game, but they can be easily avoided (each bug only needs avoiding once). I'll get to that later.

*I have also made a trailer for the game. Actually, it's more like a presentation. You can download the movie from
the link written at the end of the English section. If you've downloaded the game, you already have the movie.
It's called "GTAtitles" and it's located in the folder called "movies".

Now, about those bugs. If you don't plan on accomplishing missions, you can skip the list.
Here's the list of missions with bugs and how you're supposed to avoid them.

1. "Cesar Vialpando"
At the end of the mission you will spawn inside the car. Not sitting down. You can't get out no matter
how hard you try. What you need to do is simply type "rocketman" (without the quotes) and fly out of the car.

2. "OG Loc"
After you pick up OG Loc from prison, you'll go with him to kill some guy named Freddy. When you get to his house,
Freddy is going to make a run for it on his bike. You and OG Loc will get on another bike and start chasing him.
While you're chasing him, do not shoot at him! If he dies during the chase, the game will crash. Instead, follow him
until he stops. Then you can kill him.

3. "Los Sepulcros"
After you get in the car, do not leave Grove Street by going forward (under the bridge)! Instead, go through the
alleyway on the left, around CJ's house, and turn right. If you did this right, you should be passing by Denise's house.

4. "Mike Toreno"
After you save Toreno, when you exit the airport and stop in the red circle, it disappears. The game still says you're
supposed to be in that spot, and even though you are, the game doesn't see it that way. What you have to do is get
out of the car, walk away from it, so as Toreno and T-Bone follow you. Then quickly run back to the car and leave them
behind. The game will then say you have to go back for them. When you do, they will get back in the car and the game
will tell you where to go next. This bug was also in the original version of San Andreas, so it's not my fault.

And there you have it. Do everything like I told you and you shouldn't have any problems.
But before you play the game, there's a bit more you should know.

1. You will sometimes find yourself waiting for the game to load a bit more than you would have expected. Don't worry,
it hasn't frozen. As long as the red light on your PC is lit, just give it some time. Trust me, it will work.

2. Not all cars can be modified in tuning shops. You can try with whichever car you want, but at your own risk.
Sometimes the game will crash, and sometimes the cars will look totally awkward.

3. I have included several hi-res maps which I'm sure some of you will find very useful. They're located in the folder called
"Hi-res maps".

4. If you play this game, you absolutely MUST enjoy it! If you don't, the game will crash.

All that being said, I hope you enjoy the game!

Should you ever need help with any GTA game, just send an e-mail to gta_assistance@yahoo.com including your
question/s or a detailed description of your problem and I'll do my best to try and help you.

Thanks to all the authors of the mods I've used, without whom none of this would have been possible.

*The presentation can be downloaded here:
You might need to install a toolbar. Don't worry, it's spyware/adware free.
You can also see it on YouTube and Metacafe, but the quality is not as great.

P.S. My next project will be Grand Theft Auto San Andreas Old Skool. It will probably be released by March 2008.