#: The Ten Commandments: 50th Anniversary Collection

 Technical data
Director 	Cecil B. DeMille
Cast 	Theodore Roberts, Estelle Taylor, Charles de Rochefort, Julia Faye, Charlton Heston, Yul Brynner, Anne Baxter, Nina Foch, Debra Paget
Length 	131 min / 222 min
Distributor 	Paramount
Discs 	3
Region 	2
Video 	Pal
Disc 1 Full Screen . Disc 2 Widescreen , 16:9

 
Languages 	Disc 1 Silent .

Disc 2 Dolby Digital 5.1: English . Dolby Digital Mono: French, German, Italian, Spanish

 
Subtitles 	Disc 1 Arabic, German, Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Slovene, Finnish, French, Greek, Hebrew, Dutch, Hungarian, Icelandic, Italian, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Rumanian, Serbian, Swedish, Turkish . Commentaries German, Spansih, English, French, Italian .

Disc 2 English, German, Bulgarian, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Slovene, Spanish, Finnish, French, Greek, Hebrew, Dutch, Slovene, Icelandic, Italian, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Rumanian, Serbian, Swedish, Turkish, English for deaf people . Commentaries Spanish, English, French, Italian
Synopsis

Disc 1. The Ten Commandments (1923)

Truly one of the greatest spectacles ever produced for the movies, this original version of the Cecil B. DeMille blockbuster is a motion picture that you must see to understand the genius that built the industry. The plot moves back and forth in time to show the relevance of its Old Testament morality to contemporary (circa 1923) immorality. This spectacular production used a cast of thousands and was hailed by the critics for its imaginative use of special effects. The Gaylord Carter score, performed on a magnificent Wurlitzer organ, beautifully captures all the reverence and power that De Mille captured on film.

 

Disc 2. The Ten Commandments (1956)

For sheer pageantry and spectacle, few motion pictures can claim to equal the splendor of Cecil B. DeMille┬┤s 1956 remake of his epic The Ten Commandments. Filmed in Egypt and the Sinai with one of the biggest sets ever constructed for a motion picture, this version tells the story of the life of Moses (Charlton Heston), once favored in the Pharaoh┬┤s (Yul Brynner) household, who turned his back on a privileged life to lead his people to freedom. With a rare on-screen introduction by Cecil B. DeMille himself, this unforgettable movie experience is enhanced by a Dolby surround stereo soundtrack..

Other features

Interactive Menus, Scene Access

Disc 1

      Commentary by Katherine Orrison, author of \"Written in Stone: Making Cecil B. DeMille┬┤s Epic, The Ten Commandments\", Hand-tinted Footage of the Exodus and Parting of the Red Sea Sequence

Disc 2

      Commentary by Katherine Orrison, author of \"Written in Stone: Making Cecil B. DeMille┬┤s Epic, The Ten Commandments\", 6-Part Documentary: Moses / The Chosen People / Land Of The Pharaohs / The Paramount Lot / The Score / Mr. DeMille, News Reel: \"The Ten Commadments\" Premiere in New York, Trailers: 1956 Making of Trailer / 1966 trailer / 1989 trailer
 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0049833/ 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0014532/ 
http://www.filmaffinity.com/es/film598480.html