Nu ligger en utav världens bästa skivor ute, med suveränt ljud!
För bästa ljudupplevelse, krävs en dts-dekoder! Men den går att köra i andra lägen också!


1. Introduction     
2. Fast guitars     
3. Basses     
4. Latin     
5. A minor tune     
6. Blues     
7. Thrash     
8. Jazz     
9. Ghost bells     
10. Russian     
11. Finale     
12. Harmonics     
13. Peace     
14. Bagpipe guitars     
15. Caveman     
16. Ambient guitars     
17. The sailor's hornpipe    

Det ingår även livevideos ifrån Tubular Bells 2 och 3!


Notes On The Instruments

After much pestering from the likes of myself, Mike helpfully listed all of 
the instruments he used, inside the booklet for Tubular Bells 2003 (but not the 
3CD 'Complete Tubular Bells' set), making my job a lot easier - thanks Mike!

Grand Piano - Mike Used two grand pianos on the album, an 8 foot Steinway, rebuilt on a 1920s frame, and an all-original 1920s Steinway 6 foot piano, which is the one that can be seen on stage in The Millennium Bell video.

Electric Organs - Here, he uses a 1970 Hammond L.122 (which Mike claims has been in his garage for the past 10 years), a Lowrey and a Farfisa (I believe a Farfisa Professional).

Synthesisers - Mike's love of Roland synthesisers shows clearly, with him using a JV880 for string pads, an XP50 pianos and percussion, a JV2080 'ethnic' sounds, bass, and a JD990 for pads. He also used his Clavia Nord Lead for bass sounds and some bass sounds from the Korg Trinity, his master keyboard which sits in front of the large plasma computer screen in his studio. Mike also demonstrated his new found affection for software synthesiser: Native Instruments' emulation of Sequential Circuits' Prophet V, the Pro 53, contributes buzzy, cutting analogue sounds to much of the album, while Emagic's ES1 and EVP88 are used for synth bass and wurlitzer piano sounds respectively. Also used was an Akai S6000 hardware sampler and Emagic's ESX24 software sampler.

Bass Guitar - Whereas Tubular Bells featured the growly tones of a Fender Precision Bass, prominent on Tubular Bells 2003 is the thicker, more modern sound of Mike's Wal Custom bass guitar.

Electric Guitars - For the recording of this album, Mike once again used the 1965 Fender Telecaster with which he played all of the electric guitar parts on the original Tubular Bells. Joining the Telecaster are Mike's usual partners in crime, the Fender Stratocaster (listed in the booklet as a '63, but which I've seen before called a '62 - it could realistically be either), PRS Custom and also his PRS McCarty thinline. His PRS Custom 24 is used to play sounds from the Roland VG-8 and I suspect also synthesised sounds like the bass in 'Introduction' and some of the flute and whistle sounds.
Some guitars were played direct through Mike's Roland GP-8 guitar effects processor, but he also used his Fender Twin Reverb and Mesa Boogie guitar amplifiers for when a slightly less direct sound was called for.

Acoustic Guitars - The steel string acoustic guitars which Mike used were a 1960 Martin 00.21 parlour guitar (which I believe is used for the melody line in 'Peace'), a 1985 Taylor K22 (a grand concert sized guitar with top, back and sides made of Hawaiian Koa) and an Ovation Adamas (an electroacoustic guitar built mainly from fibreglass and carbon fibre).

Mandolin - Many of the mandolin sounds on Tubular Bells 2003 come from Mike's Mike Vanden F5 mandolin. Some, such as those towards the end of 'Peace', are speeded up electric guitars.

Spanish Guitar - The Spanish Guitar parts come, once again, from Mike's Ramirez 1A flamenco (1975) and 1A classical (1974) guitars.

Piltdown Man - On the original Tubular Bells, the Piltdown Man part was created by speeding up the tape while recording, so that the pitch of Mike's voice was lowered when it was played back. This time, the pitch has been lowered digitally, and he has been joined by a second, more feminine 'Piltdown Woman'. It has been said that this part is in fact Mike's sister Sally - I'm not sure where this information came from; it seems likely to me that it's Mike again, this time pitched upwards (all manner of processing can be carried out on voices using modern equipment, such as the processors from TC-Helicon, which can allow a voice to sound higher pitched without the usual 'Mickey Mouse' type effects).

Percussion - Acoustic percussion instruments used by Mike were a tambourine, triangle and cymbals. Electronic percussion came courtesy of a Boss Dr Rhythm drum machine (he doesn't specify which model - Boss have been producing drum machines in the DR series since 1979 - the original Dr Rhythm was the analogue DR-55, the latest is the digital DR-670), and the Roland XP50 keyboard. The drums on 'Caveman' could well have been played by an uncredited drummer, Thomas Simmerl, who did some drum sessions for the album at Plan 1 Studios in Munich. An alternative is that it could be a set of cleverly programmed samples.

Tubular Bells - After having synthesised/sampled bell sounds feature on Tubular Bells 2 and 3, the real bells return for Tubular Bells 2003. Used here is the same set (which Mike describes as being like a 'toy' set of bells) which Mike sampled for Tubular Bells 2. 

Mike Oldfield plays...
Believed to be...
Grand Piano, Glockenspiel, Electric Organs, Accordion, Synthesisers, Bass Guitar, Electric Guitars, Acoustic Guitars, Mandolin, Spanish Guitar, Piltdown Man, Tympani, Percussion, Tubular Bells. 

Other musicians
Sally Oldfield - Background Vocals
John Cleese - Master of ceremonies
Produced by Mike Oldfield, engineered by Ben Darlow
Recorded at Roughwood August 2002 - February 2003 


/Egon Korkhammar