New World Computing
Heroes of Might and Magic(TM) III
2/12/99

Thank you for purchasing Heroes of Might and Magic III.  We hope you
have as much fun playing Heroes(TM) III as we had making it.

------------------------- TABLE OF CONTENTS ----------------------------

1) New Features
2) Manual errata
3) Hard drive space required
4) Mplayer.com
5) Heat.net
6) MSN Gaming Zone
7) Windows(R), Virtual Memory, and Hard Disk Space
8) Miscellaneous
9) Troubleshooting
10) Purchasing 3DO Software
11) Contacting Customer Support

------------------------------------------------------------------------

1)   New Features:

After the manual was printed, the following features were added to the
game:

The "T" hot key cycles through each town button on the adventure map.
The "S" hot key brings up the save screen from the adventure map.
The "L" hot key brings up the load screen from the adventure map.
The "I" hot key displays Scenario Info from the adventure map.
The "P" hot key displays the Puzzle Map from the adventure map.
The "V" hot key shows the View World display from the adventure map.
The "D" hot key tells the current hero to dig for the grail.

You may delete a save game from the load game screen by selecting the
file and pressing the Del key.

You may delete a save game from the save game screen by selecting the
file and pressing the Ctrl-Del keys.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

2)   Manual errata:

Page 8
Back.  "Menu Menu" should be "Main Menu".

Page 35
Armorer secondary skill.  Damage reduced by this skill is 5% at Basic, 
10% at Advanced and 15% at Expert skill level.

Page 38
Offense secondary skill.  Offense increases the amount of damage in
hand to hand combat only.

Page 42
Tactics Formation Table.  If a hero has one higher degree of the tactics 
skill, troop placement is within the first 3 hex columns.  Two higher 
degrees of tactics skill allows placement within the first 5 hex 
columns and three degrees is 7 hexes.

Page 44
Luck.  A positive luck score gives creatures the chance of inflicting 
double damage instead of maximum damage.

Page 74
Berserk Spell.  The duration for this spell is one attack, not one 
round.

Page 78
Frost Ring Spell.  The duration for this spell is instant, not one 
round per Power.

Page 82
Hall Structures, Capitol.  You may only have one capitol.  If you take 
an enemy capitol, it is downgraded to a City Hall.

Page 89
Harpies & Harpy Hags.  The first sentence should read:  "Harpies have a 
swooping attack that returns them to the hex they started from".

Page 94
Gorgons & Mighty Gorgons.  The second sentence should read:  "The 
mighty gorgon has a death stare with a 10% chance per attack of killing 
1 creature per 10 mighty gorgons outright."

Page 98
Efteet & Efreet Sultans.  Efteet and Efreet Sultans have Fly movement,
not Ground movement.  Efteet Sultans have a natural fire shield 
defense, similar to the fire shield spell.

Page 119
Barbarians.  Jabarkas is an ogre, not a goblin.

Page 120
Battle Mages.  Dessa in an ogre, not a goblin.  He also starts with 
Basic Logistics, not Basic Ballistics.

Gird starts with Basic Wisdom and Basic Sorcery instead of Advanced
Wisdom.

Oris starts with Basic Eagle Eye instead of Basic Learning.

Vey is an ogre, not a goblin.

Page 121
Beastmasters.  Tazar's secondary skill should be Advanced Armorer, not
Advanced Defense.

Page 122
Clerics.  Rion starts with Basic First Aid instead of Basic 
Leadership.

Sanya starts with Basic Eagle Eye, not Basic Scholar.

Page 124
All Demoniacs' starting abilities are:
Attack 2, Defense 2, Power 1, Knowledge 1.

Page 125
Druids.  Elleshar starts with Basic Intelligence, not Basic Mysticism.

Gem starts with the Basic First Aid secondary skill instead of Basic
Diplomacy.

Melodia is an Elf not a Human.

Page 126
Heretics.  Ayden starts with Basic Wisdom and Basic Intelligence 
instead of Advanced Wisdom.

Page 127
Knights.  Sylvia starts with Basic Navigation, not Basic Logistics.

Christian starts with Basic Artillery instead of Basic Tactics.

Page 128
Thant's unique ability allows him to cast Animate Dead at a greater
effect, instead of Resurrection.

Page 129
Gunnar starts with Basic Logistics, not Basic Offense.

Page 130
Kyrre's unique ability gives her a logistics bonus instead of a
pathfinding bonus.

Page 131
Jeddite's unique ability allows him to cast Resurrection at a greater
effect, instead of Animate Dead.

Page 132
Verdish starts with Basic First Aid, not Basic Scholar.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

3)   Hard Drive Space:

Heroes III requires approximately 200 megabytes of hard drive space for 
installation.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

4)   Mplayer.com:

To install mplayer.com software on your computer you must start the 
Heroes III autorun program.  On most computers, inserting your Heroes 
III CD into your CD ROM drive will start the autorun program.

Once the autorun program screen has appeared, click the MORE button.  
The Multiplayer Online screen should appear.  Select the MPLAYER.COM 
button to launch the mplayer.com install program.

If you have disabled the autorun feature on your computer, you can 
launch the autorun program by clicking the Window(R)'s Start button, 
selecting Programs, then Heroes of Might and Magic(R) III, then
Online Services.  Select the MPLAYER.COM button to launch the 
mplayer.com install program.

If you're having trouble installing mplayer.com or have any questions or
technical problems with mplayer.com, please contact mplayer.com 
technical support by e-mailing support@mplayer.com or by calling (650) 
429-3100 between 2 p.m. and 9 p.m. (PST) Tues. - Sat.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

5)   Heat.net:

To install heat.net software on your computer you must start the Heroes 
III autorun program.  On most computers, inserting your Heroes III CD 
into your CD ROM drive will start the autorun program.

Once the autorun program screen has appeared, click the MORE button.  
The Multiplayer Online screen should appear.  Select the HEAT.NET button
to launch the heat.net install program.

If you have disabled the autorun feature on your computer, you can 
launch the autorun program by clicking the Window(R)'s Start button, 
selecting Programs, then Heroes of Might and Magic(R) III, then
Online Services.  Select the HEAT.NET button to launch the heat.net 
install program.

If you have any comments or questions regarding the Heat software, Heat 
registration, or any other aspect of the Heat site, please contact Heat 
via e-mail at tekhelp@heat.net or via phone between 11:00 a.m. and 11:00 
p.m. PST at (415) 437-1674.  Heat can also be reached online via Heat's 
Online Consultation between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 1:00 a.m. PST. To 
get to chat, simply go to www.heat.net, then click the NEED HELP link, 
and choose Online Consultation.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

6)   MSN Gaming Zone:

To install msn gaming zone software on your computer you must start the 
Heroes III autorun program.  On most computers, inserting your Heroes 
III CD into your CD ROM drive will start the autorun program.

Once the autorun program screen has appeared, click the MORE button.  
The Multiplayer Online screen should appear.  Select the msn Gaming ZONE
button to launch the msn gaming zone install program.

If you have disabled the autorun feature on your computer, you can 
launch the autorun program by clicking the Window(R)'s Start button, 
selecting Programs, then Heroes of Might and Magic(R) III, then
Online Services.  Select the msn Gaming ZONE button to launch the msn 
gaming zone install program.


For technical support or more information about the msn gaming zone, go 
to http://www.zone.com on the internet and click Help.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

7)   Windows(R), Virtual Memory, and Hard Disk Space:

The Windows(R) operating system requires a certain amount of virtual 
memory to function properly. The amount of virtual memory required by 
Windows(R) varies depending on how much of your computer's resources are 
required by an application.  Heroes of Might and Magic III, like most 
other games, requires the use of most of your computer's resources to 
run properly.

Therefore, for a Windows(R) application like Heroes III to run properly 
there must be sufficient free space on the hard disk with your Windows 
system folder.  As a general rule of thumb, you should keep enough free 
hard disk space equal to the larger of: two times the total amount of 
RAM your computer has; or, 10% of the space on the hard drive with 
Windows(R).


------------------------------------------------------------------------

8)   Miscellaneous:

The Official strategy guide for Heroes III is available from Prima 
Publishing.  To order call (800) 531-2343. Also available at bookstores 
and multimedia outlets nationwide.

The Official Heroes III website is located at: http://www.heroes3.com
Please feel free to stop by and check out our site.

If any patches are released for Heroes III or any other New World
Computing or 3DO game, Game Update can automatically download the most 
recent patch and patch your game for you.  You must have the game 
currently installed on your computer and have an Internet Service 
Provider (ISP) to use Game Update.  To run Game Update, first connect to 
the internet.  Next click on your Windows Start button and select 
Programs, then Heroes of Might and Magic III, then Game Update.  The 
Game Update utility will then download the latest patch available and 
run the patch for you.  If you already have the latest patch, Game 
Update will tell you are up to date.  As a convenience to you, Game 
Update checks any other recent New World Computing or 3DO products 
installed on your computer also.  You can choose to update them or not, 
as you wish.


------------------------------------------------------------------------

9)   Troubleshooting

Installation 

Problem: 	
	The CD is in the CD-ROM drive, but the computer is not 
	recognizing it. 
Answers: 	
	The CD may be dirty or scratched.
Solutions: 	
	1. Make sure that the data side of the CD (shiny side) is not 
	dirty or scratched.  If it is dirty, take a lint free 
	non-abrasive cloth and wipe gently to clean it (always wipe from 
	the inside of the CD to the outside edges).  If the data side of 
	the CD appears to be scratched, return the game to the store that
	you bought it from, and exchange it for a new copy. If you are 
	unable to exchange the game at the store that you bought it from,
	please call Customer Support for information on our exchange 
	policy.

Problem:	
	The computer freezes during install, or you receive an error 
	message (such as "*_ins error" or "An error has occurred during 
	the move data process") during install.
Answers: 	
	Your computer may be using an older 16-bit CD-ROM driver; or 
	there may not be enough space on your hard drive for temporary 
	files to expand; or the CD-ROM drive might be having problems 
	with how it buffers information. Or, the Autorun or DMA settings 
	on your CD-ROM drive could be interfering with the game 
	installation.

To check and see if your computer is using an older 16-bit CD-ROM driver:
	1. Right-click on the 'My Computer' icon and select 'Properties'.
	2. Click on the 'Performance' tab.
	3. In the Performance status box, if the File System line says  
	"Some drivers are using MS-DOS compatibility", you are using a 
	16-bit CD-ROM driver.
Solutions:	
	1. For 16-bit CD-ROM drivers: Contact the manufacturer of your 
	CD-ROM drive or the manufacturer of your computer for an updated
	32-bit CD-ROM driver.

	2. For 32-bit CD-ROM drivers:
		1. Close all unnecessary programs running in the 
		Background.  Press the CTRL+ALT+DEL keys at the same time
		to open the Close Program window, select a program, and 
		press the End Task button.  Repeat this process until all
		programs except 'Explorer' and 'Systray' are closed.
	
		2. Delete all files in your C:WindowsTemp folder, then 
		empty the Recycle Bin.

	3. Turn off read-ahead on the CD-ROM drive:
		1. Right-click on the 'My Computer' icon and select 
		   'Properties'.
		2. Click on the 'Performance' tab.
		3. Click on the 'File System' button.
		4. Choose the 'CD-ROM' tab at the top
		5. Change the 'Optimize access pattern for' field to 
		   'No read-ahead'
		6. Click on Apply, then OK and finally click Close (you 
		   will be prompted to restart your system).

	4. Turn off the Autorun and DMA settings on your CD-ROM drive:
		1. Right click on the 'My Computer' icon and choose 
		   'Properties'.
		2. Click on the 'Device Manager' tab.
		3. Click on the '+' sign next to the CD-ROM line so that 
		   it becomes a '-' sign.
		4. Click on the line that appears under the CD-ROM line 
		   so that it is highlighted, then click on the 
		   'Properties' button.
		5. Click on the 'Settings' tab.
		6. Look for the Auto-insert Notification and DMA lines.  
		   If there is a check mark in the boxes next to either 
		   of these lines, click on the box to remove the check 
		   mark.
		7. Click on the 'Apply' button, and then click on the 
		   'OK' button.
		8. When you are asked if you want to restart your system,
		   choose 'Yes'. 

You can restore all of the CD-ROM settings back to normal after the game 
has been successfully installed.



Launching the Game I

Problem: 	
	After launching the game from the Start menu or Desktop icon, you
	get a blank screen, a black box that surrounds the mouse cursor, 
	blurring or choppy graphics, vertical lines on the screen, choppy
	sound, or no sound.
Answer: 	
	There is probably a conflict between your video or sound card and
	Microsoft's DirectX.
Solution: 
For Windows 95 and 98 users: 
1. Press the 'Start' button on the Windows 95/98-task bar and select 
   'Run'. 
2. Type "c:Program Filesdirectxsetupdxdiag.exe" then click on the 
   'OK' button. This will run the DirectX Diagnostics Tool.
3. Make sure all your files are DirectX 6 compatible. Select the 'DirectX
   Files' tab make sure there are no exclamation points next to the file 
   names. If you find exclamation points under this tab you will need to 
   reinstall DirectX 6 by going to the 'START' Button on the Windows95 
   task bar then select 'RUN' and type your CD-ROM drive letter followed 
   by ": DirectXdxsetup.exe" and click on the 'Reinstall DirectX' 
   button. This will reinstall DirectX 6.
4. Make sure all of your drivers are DirectX 6 compatible. Select the 
  'DirectX Drivers' tab and make sure there are no exclamation points 
   next to any of the file names.  If you find exclamation points under 
   this tab you will need to update your drivers by contacting the 
   manufacturer of the hardware through their Phone Support or through 
   their web site. 3DO has a listing of manufactures sites available at: 
   http://www.3do.com/support.
5. Test your hardware with the DirectX 6 Diagnostics tool. Run the tests 
   that are available on the 'Display', 'Sound', and 'Input' tabs. If one
   or more tests fail, this could be due to driver incompatibility. 
   Installing the newest drivers available for your sound and video card 
   hardware can usually resolve this.

For Windows 98 users:
1. Press the Start button on the Windows 98 task bar and select 'Help'
2. Select the Search tab, type 'DirectX Troubleshooter' in the text box, 
   and then press the List Topics button.  Select 'DirectX Troubleshooter'
   in the Topics window, click the Display Button, and then follow the 
   instructions to troubleshoot your DirectX issue.

Launching the Game II

Problem:    
	You try to start the game and the screen flashes briefly, and you
	are returned to the desktop without an error message. 
Answer:       
	There are probably miscellaneous programs running in the 
	background that are interfering with the game and causing it to 
	crash. 
Solution:
	For Windows 95 users:     
1. Press the CTRL+ALT+DEL keys at the same time to open the Close Program
   window.
2. Click on a program so that it is highlighted, then click on the 'End 
   Task' button.
3. Repeat this process until only 'Explorer' and 'Systray' are left in 
   the Close Program list, then try running the game.

For Windows 98 users:
1. Click on the Windows Start button, then choose Run.
2. In the Run line type in: "msconfig", then push the 'Enter' key. (This 
   will bring up the System Configuration Utility.)
3. Select the 'Startup' tab, and turn all of the check boxes off, except 
   for the one next to 'Systray'.
4. Press 'OK'. When you are prompted to restart your system, click 'Yes'.
5. Once your machine has restarted try running the program again. 

Video and Sound card manufacturers regularly update their software 
drivers to enhance performance and stability, and to improve 
compatibility with DirectX.  You can find links to many of these 
manufacturers' sites by going to the Driver Updates section of our 
support web site, which is located at http://www.3do.com/support. 

You may obtain a list of Microsoft-certified video and audio drivers for 
your hardware by going to http://www.microsoft.com/hwtest/hcl/.  Drivers 
listed here are confirmed to be compatibility with Windows 95, Windows 98
and Windows NT4.0. 

Microsoft updates DirectX and its components regularly and posts them for
download off of their web site at http://www.microsoft.com/DirectX. 




--The End--
