NAME: Brave Soul
System: Windows 95, 98, Me, 2000, XP, Vista
Processor: 166 mhz or higher (266 or higher recommended)
Memory: 32 MB or greater, 64 MB recommended
Install: 10-100 MB
Music: MIDI, CD music, Wave
Voice: Full voice (original Japanese voice actresses)
Language: English


The first fully-featured action role-playing bishoujo game to be ported to English, 
Peach Princess is happy to announce Brave Soul! 
One of the crowning achievements of Japanese bishoujo game maker Crowd, 
Brave Soul is a rich fantasy world that's filled with wonder and erotic adventure.

It is a world very different from ours, a world in which magic exists, 
a world where peasants labor under the burden of heavy taxes imposed 
upon them by the unfair rulers of the land. 
Although the commoners have a difficult lot, 
there are those among them with the strenth to use his sword 
and make a name for himself -- an adventurer. 
To be an adventurer is the dream of every peasant.


Story

The story details the journey of a young man who was raised 
in the countryside of Souvania, on the continent of Valencia. 
Disowned by his own father and forced to make his way in life, 
he chooses to become a Hunter, a mercenary who accepts jobs 
for a variety of adventures. Heading into town to officially 
join the Hunterâ??s Guild with his dragon Shell at his side, 
he happens across a mysterious girl who looks strikingly like the Moon Goddess.

The Moon Goddess... Ever since he was young, a beautiful girl 
appears before him on nights of a full moon. 
Because of the mysterious manner of her appearance, 
he gave her her unique name. With the mysterious girl Alicia and 
dragon Shell at his side, as well as new characters he will join with later, 
our hero embarks on many bold adventures. 
But will he ever be able to solve the bizarre mystery of the beautiful 
Moon Goddess standing in the lake...?


Game System

Brave Soul employs an action-RPG system, with parties 
of up to four characters moving over scrolling maps. 
Walk to all parts of towns, interact with characters to get information, 
and purchase items to outfit your party. 
Combat with monsters is all in real time -- you select the enemies 
you want to attack with your sword or with ranged magic-based weapons, 
or fight with the convenient "auto combat mode." 
Outfit your party, choose your quest, and work through 
challenging multi-level dungeons. Using a unique mission-based game system, 
you must lead your beautiful companions on dozens of campaigns 
in the wide world of Brave Soul as you search for the secret of the Moon Goddess. 
But you have to lead them well if you're to find the keys that unlock their hearts.

Brave Soul offers many advanced features for bishoujo gaming fans, including several difficulty settings, allowing you to challenge yourself at any skill level. It features full Japanese voices for the main characters, and a beautiful soundtrack by I've, creators of some of the most popular bishoujo game and anime soundtracks. It also features a fully animated opening sequence, and a full color 24 page game manual with information on the characters and world of Brave Soul.

So grab your sword and shield -- the world of Brave Soul is awaiting!