***Some folks in here have a nasty habit of spamming my posts with false virus warnings, and would eventually, possibly, try to get me banned from this place. I upload A LOT of material about 9/11 being a staged event, and they seem to trigger a lot of those false virus warnings from a user named "b2pilot187". Now, he is obviously either a disinformer or simply just the everyday-idiot, because my files are videofiles, hence impossible to infect with a virus. This user has been reported to the admins of this place, so I hope this matter will be setled sooner rather than later. Until then, simply ignore this person. But I would urge anyone not to ignore a virusscan in any event. I suspect he won't even read this, because he simply searches for "911" (and now "Alex Jones" too) and spam each and every post with these warnings. Hence, you will probably find another one below, in the comment section.***

ReVIsed alias Masterpiece

Synopsis:

The greatest evil that mankind has ever faced is among us: a scientifically crafted global dictatorship sworn to enslave every man, woman and child. The United States government, at all levels has fallen under the control of the desperately wicked New World Order clan. The events of Sept 11th mark the initiation of the final sick push of the illuminati to consolidate their one world order and transform earth into a prison planet.

In over two and a half hours, Alex Jones chronicles in stunning detail the true character of the globalists. Learn the master plan of the blood-thirsty elite to financially, physically and spiritually imprison not only America but the world.

Total Enslavement is the third installment in the critically-acclaimed Police State series and is a must-see for all who leve freedom. This film documents the nightmare rise of the Homeland Security dictatorship, Patriot Acts 1 and 2, the Total Information Awareness Network, government-run white slavery rings, the new prison surveillance economy and much more. The very future of humanity depends on exposing government-sponsored terrorism and how the globalists pose as our saviors whem in fact, they are the terrorists.

Genre: Documentary 
Video Codec: DivX 5.x 
Video: ~557 kbit/s
Runtime: 155 Min 
Audio Format: ~64 kbit/s MP3 VBR 
Aspect Ratio: 4:3 
Frame Size: 352x240 
Framerate: 29,970 fps
Language: English

The 'used FourcCC' in the .avi header is DX50. Hence, this file will play back on MPG4 (i.e. DivX5) compatible DVD-players.
