Update 2009-04-03 Screenshots: 
http://www.motherless.com/866840 
http://www.motherless.com/866840?full

ImCumming! -- Orgasm Fetish -- Scene Clip Series
Hear These Ladies Cum! -- For Real!

XXX.ImCumming-04-Natural-Brunette-Teen-Shuddering.O-Interracial
Scene Clip Source DVD:
Black Guys In TeenAge Thighs -- Mach 2 Entertainment
File Name:
IC-04-Black.Guys.Teenage.Thighs-s1-Vanessa.Lynn-t.br.bb.nb.ir.cc.ic.avi
File Size: 259 MB
Resolution: 528x384
Duration: 28 min. 22 seconds.
Video: XviD - 1117kbps 29.971fps 1.375 (11:8) AR
Audio:48000Hz 154kbps Stereo
Language: (Body and Voice) English

Synopsis / Review: usrxxx
The pink room: 19 year-old College freshman Vanessa is jumping rope on
her back patio, dressed in a short pink dress and black pullover shirt, when
her brother Chuck's (late) black friend comes calling for him. Chuck went
fishing so his friend decides to wait for him to return.

Meanwhile, Vanessa decides to show him her newly painted pink bedroom,
and reveals the long-felt crush she has had on him as she does. He admits
that he's had his eye on her since she was a freshman in high-school. But,
she being his friends sister, making any advances toward her would be
breaking THE-RULE he's about to break now. Severely!

Vanessa eagerly submits to his fondling her now large natural breasts, big
bubble butt backside, and her shaved pussy behind by her purple panties.
When she pulls out his erect dick, she comments that it is larger than she
thought it would be. The serious straight sex, in many positions now begins.

Immediately upon sitting on his cock, it is clear to anyone that she is loving
it. Her pussy is willing and wet, taking him balls-deep. Soon thereafter, she
is moaning and engaged, grinding off the first of many intense, shuddering
orgasms, her whole body visibly quivering each time as she does.

In this Scene Vanessa Lynn performs some really intense, authentic sex...

Enjoy!

Note: 1,2,3 of this series are at http://thepiratebay.org/user/latricia2k6
I'm--Cumming! (Orgasm Fetish Series) Volume 01. Renamed due to
torrent search engine inconsistencies. Reformatted for time constraints.
Info / Screens / Covers:
IC-OFS-Vol-01-800x8000.jpg - http://www.hidebehind.com/615977EA

Prepared / Uploaded by the His-n-Hers Team:
His - Straight - http://thepiratebay.org/user/usrxxx
Hers -Bi - http://thepiratebay.org/user/latricia2k6
Thank You! - For Your Comments.

Please Support The Tracker Where You Got This .torrent File...

If this type of Porn / Sex is your baby-bears-porridge (It's Just--Right).
Purchasing the Full-Quality source DVD will enable you to view the
other great scenes contained therein, and help ensure continued,
future production of this specific type of XXX Adult entertainment.