Teardrive - The Sky Beneath Your Feet [demo]

Tracklist:
01 - Obstacles
02 - As the light returns
03 - Snow
04 - Trapped
05 - The sky beneath your feet

Released in May, 2006.
  
http://www.teardrive.com


This is Teardrive. - the solid quintet of Swedish breed was born just about half a decade ago. Emerging from several dysfunctional bands which all held the individual components needed to fuse together something magnificent. 

Starting with the guy that came out of the womb singing his heart out, vocalist André Jadeborn has all the characteristics of a good front man. He is first of all a mad talented singer, and being in bands since he was ten years old hes got well over twelve years of experience already. His musical background as a singer and guitarist in the punk-rock genre combined with influences including the likes of Axl Rose from Guns N Roses and Brandon Boyd from Incubus makes him a perfect match for Teardrives music. Hes also a very talented skateboarder. 

Underneath the high-pitched melodic emotional vocals of André lies the bands very own low-end hobo, bass player and backing vocalist/screamer Daniel Lindau. Comprising influences ranging from soft sub-pop to moshing metal he is in some aspects the musical dictionary every band should have. Even though being the least experienced member he makes up for that with tremendous musical feel, creative talent and work ethics that reach further than just the music as he also designs the bands website and cover art. 

The other half of the rhythmic foundation consists of drummer and percussionist Emanuel Karlsson. Hes been beating the drums since the age of twelve and its his infectious beats that lay down the framework for what largely defines the musical style, the energetic mix of alternative rock, metal, funk and pop. Among his wide range of talents this guy also is a promising tattoo artist, something the band has come to know first hand. 

Melodical mastermind Jens Helisten is who occupies the lead guitar and often the one that initiates the songwriting process. A wide spectra of influences and musical talent is molded together to form the line that connects the dots together, the governing idea that melody is what matters the most. 

To complete the lineup, Teardrives second axeman, Danijel Hadjar Lind, is also its newest member, taking the place of original guitarist Rikard who left the band in 2004 due to difference of opinions, Daije provides some quite belligerent structure to Jens harmonies. With a background as a drummer as well as a guitarist he makes a well-rounded rhythmic player and a very important part of the band. 

Teardrive have in the last few years played gigs in various corners of Sweden, which have made the brotherhood between members grow stronger. Not confining themselves to any specific genre and by fusing together all sorts of music styles, the music has been received with great appreciation by the crowds, regardless of their musical preferences. Some common factors with the rest of the music business would be found in the music of bands similar, but not limited to, the likes of Taproot, Incubus, Deftones, Dredg, Finch and Blindside. With their mix of emotional and aggressive songs and energetic live performances, Teardrive is without a doubt a force to be reckoned with in the future. During the fall of 2006 Teardrive have some confirmed tourdates in Finland, one of which they will open for Stratovarious singer Timo Kotipelto at On The Rocks, Helsinki. They will also visit Malmoe in the southern parts of Sweden yet again to join up with some friends for a charity gig. A musicvideo is in planning, featuring the never before released song ?Figure?, the band is pushing for a fall 2006/ winter 2007 release.