Quick 'n.Easy.FTP.Server.2.42 är ett enkelt program för dig som vill lägga upp en FTP server. Bara o packa upp o köra!


-------------------------------------------------------------

FTP Server by Pablo Software Solutions Version 2.4.2

Introduction
Quick 'n Easy FTP Server is a multi threaded FTP server for Windows 98/NT/XP.
It comes with an easy to use interface and can be accessed from the system tray. 
The server handles all basic FTP commands and offers easy user account management and support for virtual directories.

Installation
Installing FTP Server is as simple as unzipping the executable in a folder of you choice, 
for example C:Program FilesFTP Server.
Create a shortcut on the Start Menu of on your desktop and the FTP Server will be ready to use.

Short description of the available options:

Server Log
In this screen can keep an eye on all the things that are going on, on the server. 
It shows you detailed information about all communication between the server and connected FTP clients. 
The number between the brackets [ ] is the thread id, which helps you to track all communication messages 
for a specific connection. Everything you see in this window can also be logged to a file.

Online Users 
Displays a list of users that are currently online. Including there IP address and login time.

Configuration
Here you can configure all settings of the FTP Server.

Statistics
Shows a few interesting statistics of the server like the number of uploads/downloads.

Security
The security page makes it possible to block/allow certain IP addresses to connect to your FTP server. 

User Accounts
Add, Edit and Delete User Accounts. Specify passwords, directory permissions and assign virtual directories.
To help you make it easier to configure a new account you can also use the User Account Wizard.

Incoming Messages
The Incoming Messages window displays all the messages that have been sent to you by users.

User Account Wizard
To easily add a new account to the server click the User Account Wizard, and then follow the instructions. 


For more detailed information read the help file.


Credits
This program was originally (partially) based on and inspired by FileZilla Server (http://filezilla.sourceforge.net/). 
 
© Copyright 2004 Pablo Software Solutions
http://www.pablovandermeer.nl
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------