1 0.Days.Off.The.Soundtrack.#6

MP3 - 320 kbps

CD1

Henrik Schwarz - Leave My Head Alone Brain (Mix2)
Miss Kittin - Happy Valantine
Rex The Dog - Prototype
Tiga - Louder Than A Bomb
Tiefschwarz - ISSST
Tim Paris - No Nada
Lindström - I Feel Space
Nathan Fake - The Sky Was Pink (Holden Remix)
Justus Köhncke - Taste
Mu - Paris Hilton
Soul Designer - The Mother Funky Beat

CD2

Who Made Who - Flat Beat
Munk - Kick Out The Chairs (Whomadewho Mix)
Max Sedgley - Happy (Blackbeard Rewwork)
Out Hud - One Life To Leave (Put It Away, Dad)
Kaos - Feel Like I Feel (Glimmers Mix)
Whitey - Leave It All Behind
Neon Judgement - TV Theated (Tiga's Vox)
Chloé - Take Care
Freeform Five - Electromagnetic (Tiefschwarz Vocal Mix)
Lindström - There's A Drink In My Bedroom And I Need A Hot Lady
Lopazz - I Need Ya (Captain Comatose Mix)



                              ---About 10DAYSOFF---
The "Internationale" can be heard once again during 10 Days Off. DJs and producers of al nationalities, rejoice at the high mass of dance! 
The Anglo-Saxon hegemony has ceased to exist in the dance world, too. 
10 Days Off 2005 is host to a very diverse group of DJs and musicians from all over the globe. From Chili, Brazil and Canada to Switzerland and Denmark, the only rule is that of the universal language of beat and groove.

What is it going to be, this 11th edition with its 11 line-ups and 11 sleepless nights? With Ghent as the center of the best, most attractive, most adventurous, well, the hottest in modern club music.

For the 2nd time 10 Days Off will take place in 2 venues: Kunstencentrum Vooruit and the ICC Congress Hall. 
This means: 4 stage and heaps of artists performing on them ? DJs as well as live acts, established names and upcoming young talents, Belgians and foreigners and visitors from all over Europe. 
Both party peeps and music lovers from da club scene.

They all want a taste of the unique atmosphere and of the many styles and sounds 10 Days Off stands for: house, electro, breakbeats, rock, drum ?n? bass, minimal, broken beats, nu-jazz, techno, funk, disco, you name it, 10 Days Off has got it on a stage. 


PLEASE POST WHAT YOU LIKE FROM THIS ALBUM!
If You Like It, Buy It! 
www.playout.be
Distributed BY PIAS

http://www.10daysoff.be/2005/flashcontent/uk/indexf.html
http://www.5daysoff.nl

