The Teaching Company - The Great Ideas of Psychology 
 
Course Number 660-48 lectures (30 minutes/lecture)

Taught by: Professor Daniel N. Robinson -- Oxford University and Columbia University
 
This course is for the "seeker" in you: your need to know, your willingness to 
self-examine, your restless curiosity about the world around you. 
If you?ve ever wanted to understand more about your emotions, your cognitive 
thinking skills, and other traits that make you uniquely human, then experience 
The Great Ideas of Psychology.

This is a fascinating and provocative course-a joyride of ideas, speculations, 
and point-blank moral questions that might just dismantle and rebuild everything 
you once thought you knew about psychology-not just what psychology is, but even 
if it is!

To listen to these lectures is to hear the entire history of psychology unfold 
and to know that the subject most of us today associate with names like Sigmund 
Freud and B. F. Skinner really began thousands of years earlier.

You?ll meet Freud, Skinner, Jung, Watson, Piaget, Erikson, and other figures of 
the modern history of psychology. But you?ll also encounter Plato and Aristotle. 
Locke and Hume. Bacon, Newton, Galileo, and Descartes. You?ll sail to the Galapagos 
Islands with Darwin. Share an intimate correspondence between Thomas Jefferson 
and John Adams. Psychologists all.

Indeed the lectures embrace so diverse a spectrum of thinkers and subjects that 
you might find it hard to believe you?re taking just a "psychology" course.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Part I: Foundations and Psychology in the Empiricist Tradition

Lecture 1: Defining the Subject

Lecture 2: Ancient Foundations-Greek Philosophers and Physicians

Lecture 3: Minds Possessed-Witchery and the Search for Explanations

Lecture 4: The Emergence of Modern Science-Locke's "Newtonian" Theory of Mind

Lecture 5: Three Enduring "isms"-Empiricism, Rationalism, Materialism 

Lecture 6: Sensation and Perception

Lecture 7: The Visual Process

Lecture 8: Hearing

Lecture 9: Signal-Detection Theory

Lecture 10: Perceptual Constancies and Illusions

Lecture 11: Learning and Memory: Associationism-Aristotle to Egginbhaus

Lecture 12: Pavlov and the Conditioned Reflex



Part II: Psychology and the Empiricist Tradition (cont'd) and Psychology and the Rationalist Tradition

Lecture 13: Watson and American Behaviorism

Lecture 14: B.F. Skinner and Modern Behaviorism

Lecture 15: B.F. Skinner and the Engineering of Society

Lecture 16: Language

Lecture 17: The Integration of Experience

Lecture 18: Perception and Attention

Lecture 19: Cognitive "Maps," "Insight," and Animal Minds

Lecture 20: Memory Revisited-Mnemonics and Context

Lecture 21: Piaget's Stage Theory of Cognitive Development

Lecture 22: The Development of Moral Reasoning

Lecture 23: Knowledge, Thinking, and Understanding

Lecture 24: Comprehending the World of Experience-Cognition Summarized


Part III: Psychology and the Rationalist Tradition (cont'd) and Psychology in the Materialist Tradition

Lecture 25: Psychobiology-Nineteenth-Century Foundations

Lecture 26: Language and the Brain

Lecture 27: Rationality, Problem-Solving, and Brain Function

Lecture 28: The "Emotional" Brain-The Limbic System

Lecture 29: Violence and the Brain

Lecture 30: Psychopathology-The Medical Model

Lecture 31: Artificial Intelligence and the Neurocognitive Revolution

Lecture 32: Is Artificial Intelligence "Intelligent"?

Lecture 33: What Makes an Event "Social"?

Lecture 34: Socialization: Darwin and the "Natural History" Method

Lecture 35: Freud's Debt to Darwin

Lecture 36: Freud, Breuer, and the Theory of Repression


Part IV: Psychology and the Social Context (cont'd) and Enduring Issues

Lecture 37: Freud's Theory of Psychosexual Development

Lecture 38: Critiques of Freudian Theory

Lecture 39: What Is Personality?

Lecture 40: Obedience and Conformity

Lecture 41: Altruism

Lecture 42: Prejudice and Self-Deception

Lecture 43: On Being Sane in Insane Places

Lecture 44: Intelligence

Lecture 45: Personality Traits and the Problem of Assessment

Lecture 46: Genetic Psychology and "The Bell Curve"

Lecture 47: Psychological and Biological Determinism

Lecture 48: Civic Development-Psychology, the Person, and the Polis




More related material:    
http://thepiratebay.org/user/BhangWalla

