Big Shiny Tunes is a series of rock albums featuring Various Artists compiled and released by the Canadian television station MuchMusic, beginning in 1996. It has been cited as the best-selling album series in Canadian history, with 5 million albums sold in ten years.

The Big Shiny Tunes albums are each thought to be composed of a combination of rock songs that are major hits by well-known artists, less successful songs by well-known artists and songs by more obscure artists, released in the same year as the albums' publication. There are a combination of Canadian, British and American performers. One common feature among the selected artists is that they are attached to Universal Music, Warner Bros., EMI Music Canada, and/or MuchMusic, who come together to produce Big Shiny Tunes albums.

Part of the appeal of the series is that those who do not usually buy albums will find Big Shiny Tunes provides several well-known songs, as opposed to a CD by a single artist whose work is mostly unheard and may not be as likable. The music is aimed at teenagers and young adults.

In addition to the ordinary albums in the series, MuchMusic also released albums such as Big Shiny 80's (2005) that included classics like Billy Idol's "White Wedding." There have also been two volumes of Big Shiny 90's released.

Big Shiny Tunes 2

Prodigy - "Breathe (Edit)" 
Blur - "Song 2" 
Third Eye Blind - "Semi-Charmed Life" 
Smash Mouth - "Walkin' on the Sun" 
Sugar Ray - "Fly" (featuring Supercat) 
Bran Van 3000 - "Drinking in LA" 
Marilyn Manson - "Beautiful People" 
Holly McNarland - "Numb" 
Bush - "Swallowed" 
Matchbox 20 - "Push" 
Collective Soul - "Precious Declaration (Remix)" 
The Tea Party - "Temptation (Edit) (Tom Lord-Alge Mix)" 
The Chemical Brothers - "Block Rockin' Beats (Radio Edit)" 
Wide Mouth Mason - "My Old Self" 
Radiohead - "Paranoid Android" 
The Age of Electric - "Remote Control" 
Stone Temple Pilots - "Lady Picture Show" 

Released 12/2/1997 
Length 66:22 
Label Warner Music Canada 
-----

Big Shiny Tunes 3

The Smashing Pumpkins - "Ava Adore" 
Fastball - "The Way" 
Foo Fighters - "My Hero" 
Matthew Good Band - "Apparitions (edit)" 
Semisonic - "Closing Time" 
Barenaked Ladies - "One Week" 
Beastie Boys - "Three MCs and One DJ" 
Rob Zombie - "Dragula (The Hot Rod Herman Mix)" 
Third Eye Blind - "How's It Going to Be" 
Sloan - "Money City Maniacs" 
Lenny Kravitz - "Fly Away" 
Placebo - "Pure Morning" 
Garbage - "Push It" 
Radiohead - "Karma Police" 
Goo Goo Dolls - "Iris" 
Big Wreck - "That Song" 
Monster Magnet - "Space Lord" 

Released 12/1/1998 
Label EMI Music Canada

Enjoy! and please seed..
Ekolb