ARTIST: Relient K
TITLE: Five Score and Seven Years Ago
LABEL: Capitol Records
GENRE: Rock
BITRATE: 207kbps avg
PLAYTIME: 0h 51m total
RELEASE DATE: 2007-03-06
RIP DATE: 2007-02-28

Track List
----------
1.  Pleading The Fifth (A Cappella)  1:13
2.  Come Right Out And Say It        3:00
3.  I Need You                       3:18
4.  The Best Thing                   3:28
5.  Forgiven                         4:05
6.  Must Have Done Something Right   3:19
7.  Give Until There's Nothing Left  3:27
8.  Devastation And Reform           3:41
9.  I'm Taking You With Me           3:28
10. Faking My Own Suicide            3:23
11. Crayons Can Melt On Us For All   0:12
    I Care
12. Bite My Tongue                   3:30
13. Up And Up                        4:03
14. Deathbed                        11:05

Release Notes:

The name Relient K has always been synonymous with some of the most contagious
power pop/punk rock, tongue in cheek songwriting and feel good fun anyone could
ever ask for. But since the band’s infancy, there has also been an upward
evolution that includes tighter musicianship, increased songwriting smarts and a
high-octane stage show regarded by fans at sold out shows from coast to coast.
Just trace the progression from the band’s tracksuit wearing days on 2000’s
self-titled release to the plethora of puns on their breakthrough sophomore
release The Anatomy of the Tongue and Cheek to the Billboard Top 200 album
charting Two Lefts Don’t Make a Right…But Three Do (#38 street week debut) and
it’s evident that Relient K thrive on raising the bar with each release.

Their latest offering MMHMM is no exception demonstrating yet another building
block upon the group’s reliable recipe. “There’s been a natural progression from
the first onto the second, third and now the fourth record,” notes drummer Dave
Douglas. “The change has come incrementally with each disc. I don’t feel like
we’re taking a drastic number of turns, but the direction keeps shifting for the
better.”

The reunion with longtime producer Mark Townsend comes at a time when lines are
being blurred between the post hardcore, post punk and peak emo movements,
making Relient K’s original output level especially attention grabbing. Such
sounds are amplified all the more courtesy of mixers Tom Lord-Alge (U2, The
Rolling Stones, Oasis) on “The One I’m Waiting For,” “High of 75,” and “My
Girl’s Ex-Boyfriend,” and J.R. McNeely (UnderOath, Project 86, Demon Hunter ) on
the rest of the tracks. “I feel like with this record when we’re rocking heavy,
we’re rocking heavier than we ever have and when we’re letting up with low key
moments, it’s more mellow then we’ve done in the past. We’re hitting our peaks
correctly and all the angles are really paying off,” says Thiessen.

As for the messages behind such sparse pre-production sessions, Thiessen turned
to the basic root of his personality, a combination of satire and seriousness
that runs the gamut between relationships, geography, faith and the weather.
“It’s my personality to be cheesy and tell dumb jokes,” he admits. “For the last
four of five years, I’ve taken all the puns I think of on a daily basis and
plant them in a song. Besides that tone, this record also has personal ties.
There’s a lot about making mistakes, failing, how amazing grace is and picking
yourself back up.”

“Who I Am Hates Who I’ve Been” launches with a reflective piano arrangement that
builds up with intensity to address life’s moments when everything seems to be
failing, while reminding all that God provides second chances. The potent “This
Week, The Trend” speaks of breaking through daily routine and living each day to
its adventurous fullest, the spunky “Maintain Consciousness” is a colorful
commentary on society’s need to be constantly stimulated by technology and the
blasting “Apathetic” calls all to tone down their obsession over possessions.

There are also plenty of power chords that fall on the lighter side of the
topical fence, from the brooding vibe of “Life After Death and Taxes” to the
hysterically framed “My Girl’s Ex-Boyfriend” to the thermometer based teasing of
the band’s home state (Ohio) on “High of 75.” “I So Hate Consequences” seems to
build a bridge between the two writing styles, comically addressing all the
times we make mistakes and try to run from them, but also coming to the
realization that repentance and forgiveness are necessary components in the
healing process.

“We’re not trying to hide anything with the songs on this record, just to get
what we feel out there,” Thiessen summarizes. “We’ve also found it to be the
hardest thing in the world to say ‘Jesus’ in a song and not be cheesy, so we
definitely have our own way of singing about spirituality. But in the end that’s
who we are and what we believe in. We hope between that and the music, it
connects with someone out there.”

