Backup4all is an award-winning, powerful data backup software for Windows. It protects your valuable data from partial or total loss by automating tasks, password protecting and compressing it to save storage space. Using Backup4all you can easily back up to any local or network drive, backup to FTP, backup to DVD, or other removable media (such as USB drives). Backup4all is the perfect backup solution for desktop and laptop computers, for your business or personal use.

Backup4all was designed to be an easy-to-use software. It comes with separate wizards for backing up and restoring. All you have to do is follow the wizards steps and the instructions on screen. With the help of the file tree, you can see all files backed up and the new files that will be stored at the next execution. You can sort and search this file backup tree. You can start the application at windows startup or minimize it to the system tray.
You can browse a folder tree to select individual files and folders to be backed up or you can include or exclude them individually.
You can actually see how many files are backed up, the total space allocated for the current backup in the destination, how many files will be added at the next execution, what is the available free space on destination and much more.
You can configure this backup software to send custom emails after a finished backup with success, error, warning notifications. Additional options allow you to attach the backup log file and send the email to several addresses.
You can easily define a backup job for My documents, My pictures or backup Outlook Express emails and settings from the predefined backups list.

Key features:
? Version Tracking. Backup4all is a backup software that offers a unique mode to track file versions. You can selectively restore any previous state of the file directly from the main window.
? Backup to DVD and CD. You do not need separate software to burn your backups to DVD or CD, because Backup4all comes with its own built-in CD/DVD burning support. However, if you prefer, you can still use UDF format to burn your CDs/DVDs.
? Standard Zip Compression. Backup4all creates standard zip files. This means that you can access your data with any zip compatible utility. You can also secure the backed up data with AES encryption (128, 192, 256-bit).
? Highly Configurable. Plenty of backup types to choose from: full backup, differential backup, incremental backup and mirror backup. Built-in scheduler, extra actions to perform before and/or after execution, command line [?]
? Backup open files. Backup4all uses the Volume Shadow Copy service that allows you to back up open files (local) from NTFS partitions in Windows XP/2003 and Windows Vista. For example you can backup Outlook Express or Microsoft Outlook emails and settings without closing them.
? FTP Backup Software. You can now backup your files to remote locations using FTP connection (with SSL support, active/passive transfer modes, firewall support).

Compatible with Windows 95/98/NT/2000/XP/2003/Vista

Changes in Backup4all 3.9; April 26, 2007 :
» "Clean backup" action added
» Option to set a destination folder for FTP backups
» Option to use extensive passive mode for FTP transfers
» Added XML plug-in system
» CD/DVD burn fixes

Homepage - http://www.backup4all.com