My Notes Keeper is the premier note/outliner application for Windows 9x/2000/XP/NT. It allows you to store all of your notes and information in an easy-to-use outline, where you can quickly find what you need.

Why My Notes Keeper?
Many people usually have questions like this:
How can I organize large numbers of notes and documents in my research work?
How can I securely manage random bits of personal information in my own way?
How can I effortlessly create a personal or corporate Knowledge Base?
How can I distribute royalty-free standalone Knowledge Bases?
How can I write a book in outline much more efficiently than a standard Word Processor?
MyNotesKeeper is a 'swiss-army-knife' PIM program, powerful yet easy to use ...
With MyNotesKeeper, creating your own freeform database and getting organized couldn't be easier...

Ideas to use My Notes Keeper
Knowledge Base, eBook, To Do List, Customer Data Management, Contact Manager, Notes Manager, Document Manager, Address Book, Phone Book, Password Keeper, Photo Album, Diary Keeper, URL Organizer, File Organizer, Content Management, Word Processor, PIM, Outlining Tool, Standalone Exe Database etc...

So Easy to Use ...
MyNotesKeeper has an extremely easy to use interface that requires no technical knowledge whatsoever. The installation takes less than 10 seconds, and even a non-technical novice can get MyNotesKeeper up-and-running in minutes.

Make your work efficiency ...
Convenient tabbed + tree-structured form of notes representation. Locate needed information in seconds, using MyNoteskeeper's easy to navigate tree-structure. Unlimited notes size and number of notes in notebook.

Powerful Text Editor ...
Powerful Text Editor has all of the standard Text and Paragraph Editing functions that MS Word has (font, color, size, background color, tables, images, symbols, etc.)

Full compatible with MSOffice ...
Full compatible with Microsoft Office(Word, Excel), like import and export(or paste from and paste to) from *.txt, *.wri, *.rtf, *.doc, *.html and more...

Data safety...
High reliability, repair file in case of hardware failure or operating system error caused by another application. Advanced file encryption and password protection. 