-> ESET.NOD32.v2.51.30.WinNT2K2K3XP.Cracked.REPACK-BRD
                               
Cracked by...: BRD Cult              
Size.....: 04              
Suplied......: BRD Cult              
Date.....: 2006-08-18    
Packaged.....: BRD Cult              
Type.....: Crack
Protection...: Trial                
Os.......: WinALL

-> http://www.eset.com/

Probably the best / fastest Antivirus software available, download and enjoy this fine piece of software.


DESCRiPTiON

Integrated, Real-Time Protection against viruses, worms,
trojans, spyware, adware, phishing, and hackers. Best
detection, fastest performance & smallest footprint.

Comprehensive Protection
NOD32 is a single, highly optimized engine that works as a
unified anti-threat system to protect against a broad
spectrum of malware. Viruses, worms, spyware, and other
malicious attacks, which are constantly evolving. Eset
NOD32 utilizes patent-pending ThreatSense Technology to
detect tomorrow's threats in real-time, by analyzing code
execution for malicious intent - keeping you ahead of the
malware-writers.

Proactive Real-Time Detection
The best security is proactive. Malware protection must be
real-time at the point of impact. Every minute one waits
for a virus signature update creates a window of
vulnerability that could have devastating consequences.
Eset NOD32's ThreatSense Technology closes the window of
vulnerability left open by other reactive, signature-based
antivirus vendors.

NOD32 analyzes application execution in real-time for
malicious intent to detect and block over 90% of new
malware threats proactively, without the need for signature
updates in most cases. Most other vendors release
signatures hours after their customers have been victimized
and submitted samples. av-comparatives.org.

Integrated Protection
Viruses, worms, adware, and spyware can and should be
detected by a single engine. A well-designed, integrated
application like Eset NOD32 can detect adware, spyware,
viruses, rootkits, and other malicous attacks. Running
separate applications for viruses, hackers, adware, and
spyware can slow your PC, be difficult to manage, and
provide questionable protection. Beware of large, bloated
internet security suites that consume hundreds of megabytes
on your PC. These typically exist because vendors have
acquired products and 'bundled' them together. In contrast,
Eset NOD32 was designed from the core as a single,
highly-optimized engine to stop malware.

Protection against threats from multiple input vectors is
provided by the following modules:

Antivirus MONitor (AMON)
An on-access (memory-resident) scanner, which automatically
scans files before they're accessed.

NOD32
An on-demand scanner, which can be run manually on specific
files or disk segments. It can also be scheduled to run
during off-peak times.

Internet MONitor (IMON)
A memory-resident scanner that runs on the Winsock level to
prevent infected files from reaching the computer's disks.
Its scans internet web browsing traffic (HTTP) and incoming
e-mail via the POP3 protocol.

E-mail MONitor (EMON)
An auxiliary module for scanning incoming/outgoing e-mails
via the MAPI interface, such as Microsoft Outlook Microsoft
Exchange.

Document MONitor (DMON)
Utilizes the proprietary Microsoft API for scanning
Microsoft Office documents (including Internet Explorer).

Fast Performance
Great detection doesn't have to slow down your computer.
Written largely in assembly language, NOD32 continually
wins awards for the fastest performance of any antivirus
application, on average 2 to 5 times faster than the
competition (source: Virus Bulletin). Switch to NOD32 and
upgrade your computer's performance.

Smallest Footprint
NOD32 conserves resources on disk and in memory, leaving
more for your critical applications. The installer is just
8.6 MB and the application takes up less than 20 MB in
memory (this fluctuates with changes to the detection
technology). ThreatSense updates, which includes heuristics
logic and signatures, are usually between 20 kB and 50 kB.
Switch to NOD32 and reclaim precious resources.

Easy to Manage
Program and database updates are automaticaly performed
behind the scenes. If you're an individual or home office
user you can just 'set it and forget it.' Businesses and
organizations with large distributed networks can use the
powerful Remote Administrator to centrally deploy, install,
monitor and manage thousands of NOD32 workstations and
servers.

Get the best protection with the smallest footprint and
fastest performance. NOD32 offers multiple layers of
protection for your organization, at the desktop, file
server and mail gateway. Find out which solution is best
for you.