Cut'n'paste from .nfo file


FUN LOVIN' CRIMINALS BACK IN THE BLACK WITH NEW ALBUM 
                   
            June 24, 2003 - Sanctuary Records is proud to announce the        
            worldwide signing of The Fun Lovin' Criminals. Their new record,  
            "Welcome to Poppy's" will be in-stores worldwide on September     
            8th. Since the release of "Come Find Yourself" in '96, FLC have   
            sold over 3 million records, enjoying celebrity status from       
            London to Tangiers. 
                   
            Sanctuary Records is the new home for FLC's label DiFontaine      
            Records. "Poppy's" was produced by Huey & Fast and includes       
            "Stray Bullet", "What Had Happened", Bottle Of Wine, Running For  
            Cover and I Got A Problem. "Too Hot", the first single, will be   
            released in August with a video directed by the band. 
                   
            DiFontaine Records also plans to release, through Sanctuary, two  
            soundtracks this year that Fun Lovin' Criminals have recorded.    
            The first is for Headrush, an Irish "contemporary black caper     
            crime comedy" directed by Shimmy Marcus. The film features Fun    
            Lovin' Criminals frontman Huey as a drug-dealing transvestite.    
            Headrush is set for theatrical release in late 2003. Oh Marbella  
            stars Rik Mayall (remember the Young Ones?) and is directed by    
            Piers Ashworth and features the FLC's first film score. This      
            English/Spanish co-production is an intertwining of four stories  
            over one long weekend. Oh Marbella is also set for a 2003         
            theatrical release. 
                   
            Not content with three albums this year, the Criminals are        
            planning a further two soundtracks for 2004 with other projects   
            also in the pipeline. A worldwide tour commences in August, with  
            US dates currently being planned for October.