Same thing as this torrent:
 
http://thepiratebay.org/tor/3920379/Heroes_Season_2_(all_11_episodes_)


Except all the episodes, uhh... actually work. XD

Sorry about that guys.

Pick and choose to download episodes 2,3, and 5 if you wish. 








All of season 2 of heroes. Check it out:

Season 2: 2007
# 	Title 	Writer(s) 	Director 	Original air Date
01 	"Four Months Later..." 	Tim Kring 	Greg Beeman 	September 24, 2007

The story resumes four months after the first season's finale. Mohinder has a run-in with the Company. The Bennets attempt to live under the radar in a new Californian town. Hiro meets his childhood hero Takezo Kensei. Twins Maya and Alejandro flee a murder charge in Honduras. A connection is uncovered between Kaito Nakamura and Angela Petrelli. 
02 	"Lizards" 	Michael Green 	Allan Arkush 	October 1, 2007

Claire fends off another student's suspicions. Maya and Alejandro's abilities are revealed as they make their way to Mexico. Mohinder encounters an old friend while on a mission for the Company. Hiro works to contain the damage caused by his journey into the past. And Peter falls in with Irish gangsters and he begins to rediscover his abilities. 
03 	"Kindred" 	J.J. Philbin 	Paul Edwards 	October 8, 2007

Mohinder searches for the last of Isaac Mendez's paintings. Maya and Alejandro are separated. Hiro helps Kensei develop his skills and become the hero of legend. Niki and Micah leave Las Vegas to get away from their past. Claire discovers some of West's secrets. Peter agrees to help the gangsters in order to discover his identity. 
04 	"The Kindness of Strangers" 	Tim Kring 	Adam Kane 	October 15, 2007

As Micah settles into his new home in New Orleans, his cousin Monica discovers her own ability. Matt enlists Nathan's help to find the killer, and discovers something about his own past. Maya and Alejandro find a new travelling companion. Claire tries to balance family secrets with a burgeoning romance. 
05 	"Fight or Flight" 	Joy Blake & Melissa Blake 	Leslie Glatter 	October 22, 2007

As Peter contemplates opening the box, Elle tries to find where Peter is. Matt and Nathan visit Matt's father in order to save Molly. Meanwhile Mohinder sends Molly back to the Company for a cure, much to Noah's dismay. Monica tries out her new abilities. Ando tries to read the ancient messages given to him by Hiro. 
06 	"The Line" 	Adam Armus & Kay Foster 	Jeannot Szwarc 	October 29, 2007

Peter tries to track down the people who are hunting him. Meanwhile, Bob asks Mohinder to experiment on Monica. Back in time, Hiro and Kensei work to free Yaeko's father, only to discover that there's a much bigger threat behind White Beard's army. 
07 	"Out of Time" 	Aron Eli Coleite 	Daniel Attias 	November 5, 2007

Peter finds himself a year into the future, where 93% of the world's population has died of the "Shanti virus". West learns the man who abducted him is Claire's father. Hiro defeats White Beard and returns to the present time. Matt, Nathan and Mohinder try to combat both Maury Parkman and the Shanti virus. The true identity of the mysterious "Adam Monroe" is revealed. 
08 	"Four Months Ago..." 	Tim Kring 	Greg Beeman 	November 12, 2007

Nathan pays a price for his previous heroic actions. After Peter survives the bomb scare in New York City, the Company sees him as a threat. D.L. makes the ultimate sacrifice for his family. Maya reveals her power, which leads her and Alejandro to America in search for help. 
09 	"Cautionary Tales" 	Joe Pokaski 	Greg Yaitanes 	November 19, 2007

The Bennet family prepare to go on the run before the Company finds them. Hiro goes back in time and discovers who killed his father. Mohinder encounters Elle, forcing him to make a decision that could end up changing lives. Matt faces various obstacles as he deals with his expanding mental abilities. 
10 	"Truth & Consequences" 	Jesse Alexander 	Adam Kane 	November 26, 2007

Peter attempts to destroy the virus that wipes out most of Earth's population. Hiro hunts his father's killer. Maya must choose between Alejandro and Sylar. Niki has bad news for Micah. 
11 	"Powerless" 	Jeph Loeb 	Allan Arkush 	December 3, 2007

Peter and Nathan Petrelli are reunited, but a battle erupts between them, Matt Parkman and Hiro Nakamura, set up by Adam Monroe. Monica Dawson is captured by a street gang, and Micah Sanders turns to his mother Niki for help. Maya Herrera learns Sylar's true nature when he kidnaps Molly Walker and Mohinder Suresh. Elle plays the hero to get back into her father's good graces. 		