Adobe Dreamweaver CS3 contains MKDEV fix.. it works

check my integrity for quality with the Adobe CS3 Extended final that i also uploaded on here, enjoy another fine package

Spry framework for Ajax

Visually design, develop, and deploy dynamic user interfaces using the Spry framework for Ajax. Add interactivity, speed, and usability while reducing page refreshes.

Spry data image
Spry data
Spry data

Integrate data into web pages using XML from an RSS feed or a database. Integrated data can be easily sorted and filtered.
Spry widgets

Easily add common interface components such as lists, tables, tabs, form validation, and repeatable regions to web pages with widgets from the Spry framework for Ajax.
Spry effects

Easily add visual transitions to page elements to make them grow, shrink, fade, highlight, and more with the Spry effects for Ajax.
Adobe Photoshop and Fireworks integration

Copy and paste directly from Adobe Photoshop« CS3 or Fireworks« CS3 into Dreamweaver CS3 to leverage assets from your prototype in your finished project.
Browser Compatibility Check

Save time and ensure a more consistent experience across browsers and operating systems with the new Browser Compatibility Check. Generate reports that identify CSS-related issues in a variety of browsers, without needing to launch the browsers.
CSS Advisor website

Find fast solutions to browser-specific CSS issues with the new CSS Advisor website, an online community featuring a wealth of user-contributed solutions and insight.

CSS layouts image
CSS layouts
CSS layouts

Easily incorporate CSS into your project with the new CSS layouts. Extensive comments in each template explain the layout, so beginning and intermediate designers can learn quickly. Each template can be customized for your project.
CSS management

Easily move CSS code from inline to head, from head to external sheet, from document to document, or between external sheets. Cleaning up existing CSS in older pages has never been easier.
Adobe Device Central CS3

Design, preview, and test mobile device content using Adobe Device Central, now integrated throughout Adobe Creative Suite 3.	