TITLE: Call of Duty 3
GENRE: FPS
PLATFORM: NINTENDO Wii
DEVELOPER: Treyarch
US PUBLISHER: Activision
UK PUBLISHER: Activision
NORDIC PUBLISHER: Activision
ONLINE PLAY: TBA


UK RELEASE 08-Dec-2006

NORDIC RELEASE 08-Dec-2006

US RELEASE 16-Nov-2006


The follow-up to the #1 next-generation game, Call of Duty 3 delivers the intensity of being closer than ever to the fury of combat during the Normandy Breakout, the historic campaign that made the liberation of Paris possible and brought the Allies a step closer to Berlin. Through a seamless narrative that delivers the rush of unrelenting battle and breathtaking action, players assume the roles of four ordinary Allied soldiers?American, British, Canadian and Polish?and are thrust onto an authentic, living battlefield for an unprecedented variety of combat, with advanced high-definition graphics, detailed character animations and explosive on-screen action, delivering the most immersive and cinematically intense war experience ever.

    * The Power of Next-Gen ? Built from the ground-up for next-gen consoles, Call of Duty 3 brings the battle to life with advanced graphics, a new physics engine, a procedural environment and detailed ensemble animations that deliver the most cinematic war experience ever.
    * Battle Actions ? An all-new close-quarters battle mechanic allows players to fight hand-to-hand, improvise explosive devices, disarm traps and execute a host of other battlefield situations that require cunning and rapid reflexes to survive.
    * Branching Mission Paths ? Next-generation level design provides multiple attack routes that let players decide how to confront the enemy ? flank an opponent, or hit him head-on. Each unique mission path requires special tactics, from sniping and demolition to all-out head-on clashes.
    * Nowhere to Hide ? Environmental physics allow players to destroy enemy soft cover hideouts, forcing foes out in the open. But be wary, opponents can eliminate your protective cover as well.
    * Team-based Multiplayer with Vehicles ? Combined arms and team-based combat provides unprecedented depth and variety by allowing up to 24-players to battle it out online with the option of single or split-screen Internet play. Gamers have the choice to play as infantry or commandeer multiple-occupancy vehicles, including tanks, jeeps, and motorcycles with side-cars, leading to unique mobile combat roles for all-out, multiplayer mayhem. Call of Duty 3 also offers soldier classes, each with class specific abilities, and a ranking system for truly diversified squad combat.


NFO.

          Call_Of_Duty_3_NTSC_Wii

          Date: ........[ 2007-01-21  ]  Files: [ vortex-cod3.rar  ]
          Platform: ... [ Wii    ]        Packed: .......[ 89x50MB  ]
          Origin: ..... [ NTSC/USA    ]  Source: .........[ VORTEX ]
          Language: ... [ English      ]  region-free .....[        ]