Includes lyrics, art, band pics and much more!

Review:

   TANGLED IN DREAM     by Aragorn

   Let's make a little trip down under, 'cause there ara many interesting
   things to find: impressing landscapes, kangaroos and emus (these are
   cool!). On the other side, the beer is not as good as in Germany, but
   we find some phantastic Metal bands over there.

   When I look at VANISHING POINT, then I am sure, their creativity isn't
   blown away by too much beer. VANISHING POINT is in my opinion the best
   Progressive Metal export coming from Australia so far! They are not
   just performing those three-chord-riffs, like the most famous
   Australian Rock band do; no, their creative and musical potential
   carries the listener straight into unknown spheres of musical
   enjoyment. I can only predict a great future to these guys for sure!

   Tangled In Dream is a magnificent and exciting album, that shows
   everything in between pathos and poetry, gentleness and toughness;
   tradition and creativity, without being boring for one second! On
   Tangled In Dream you can hear electrifying and powerful, but also
   sensible and perfect arranged musical art at its best! This music is
   awesome and you can't categorise it as easy as other stuff coming out
   of this musical genre; simply bewitching! The musical spectrum
   includes everything going from melodic and catchy Rock songs like
   Bring On The Rain or Father up to wonderful and melancholical ballads
   like Dancing With The Devil. The hymn on this album (and one of the
   best songs I´ve ever heard) is surely Never Walk Away, for this track
   is the perfect combination of emotion, atmosphere and power! Vocalist
   Silvio Massaro's part in this song is simply brilliant. I definitely
   do not know any other guy that sings the words "crucify and deny me"
   the way he does (who the hell said that Pete Steele is an awesome
   shouter?!?). Also a nice goodie is the hidden track, that includes a
   cover version of the Pink Floyd classic On The Turning Away. The
   experiment covering a Pink Floyd song fits perfect!

   What could I say more? This one's a free flight into an
   68-minutes-lasting trip into unknown musical spheres! If I'd be
   flexible enough I would bite my ass, for I missed this band in Wacken!
   For me, definitely one of the ten best albums this year! 10 out of
   10!!!

   reviewed by Aragorn
   Š 2000 Walls Of Fire (Germany)
