>>Project Reality v0.6


Here at Project Reality Mod, we have been laboring non-stop to produce a quality release of PR v0.6 for your enjoyment! Finally, the sustained delegation of all aspects of the mod team, from modelers to coders, has been successful! This being said, the Project Reality team is proud to announce the official release of Project Reality Mod v0.6 - the most realistic gaming experience available to Battlefield 2 enthusiasts at this time.

This 1.85gb file includes a tremendous number of alterations made to the existing Battlefield 2 system, as well as customized vehicles and weapons that have been heavily scrutinized by our â??Military adviserâ?? team for accuracy and realism.

We have continued building on our foundations of the British Armed Forces in the last release by adding the Warrior IFV, the Apache Longbow Attack Helicopter and more to their arsenal. The Chinese Grenadiers have have also received a new Grenade Launcher attachment to their QBZ-95 Assault Rifle. We have added an abundant amount of other extra content (listed below), but in this release our main focus was totally altering how the game is played, even more so than our previous releases! We have made numerous changes that distinguishes Project Realityâ??s game play from all other BF2 mods, even more so than before!

We have completely overhauled the Commander's Role in game by introducing 'Commander Assets'. These assets are equipment that the Commander can deploy on the battlefield with the help of engineers and normal soldiers, and can have a dramatic effect on the final outcome of the battle. The commander can deploy a whole multitude of equipment anywhere in the field, like AA guns meaning pilots will have to keep their eyes open! Sandbag walls make excellent cover from incoming fire. Razor wire restricts access to areas as well as filtering enemy troops into possible ambushes and minefields, and comes in the form of a small wall. Fire Bases and Bunkers are spawn points and are resupply points where you can get ammo etc from. Overall, these assets provide the Commander with a stronger, more valuable role on the battlefield!

Another new feature for the Insurgent faction is the 'Civilian Kit'. Players can choose to spawn as an Insurgent Civilian, and not be armed with anything more than just a handful of rocks that they can throw at enemy troops, a pair of binoculars, a grappling hook and multiple field dressings to heal himself, and other combatants with. This kit might not seem like much, but in fact the civilian has a few tricks up his sleeve that will make him a very valuable asset to the Insurgent team. Civilians are not allowed to be shot and killed in battle. If you open fire and kill a Civilian, you and your team will receive a multitude of penalties. These include a much longer re-spawn time and denial to limited kits for a period of 10 minutes for the player that killed the civilian, as well as your team losing 10 tickets for breaking Western Rules of Engagement. The other team can however simulate an 'arrest' of Civilians by knifing them, which will give your team 10 tickets. The civilian class is used for scouting, trying to lead the enemy into hidden IEDs, helping Western Forces and lots more!

Building on top of our 'Kit Limiting' system in the previous release, we have now cut our 'base kits' down to only 4 kits, and made kits like Grenadier and Light-AT limited kits. We have also tweaked our kit limiting system so that you can have only so many limited kits in one squad, meaning that you will no longer see one squad taking up all the sniper kits for example.

Included in the new release are the following game modes:

    A) Advance and Secure v2 â?? In this game mode, each team battles over a "group" of control points (flags) at any given time. A team must capture the entire group of control points before moving on to the next designated group of control points. A "group" of control points can have as little as one control point in them, or as many as 5. One should expect fierce battles erupting over those flags, with very concentrated action where you get both a lot of attack and defense!

    A) Insurgency (NEW!) â?? In this original PR game mode, the Insurgents have to defend their Ammo Caches. The other team have to try and seek them out and destroy them either by scouting for them, or 'arresting' civilians in an attempt to gain 'intelligence' on the whereabouts of the caches. Gaining certain amounts of arrests or Insurgent kills reward the Western Army with the rough locations of individual caches. The Insurgents will need to fight off the attacking force, where the only way the opposing force can win is to destroy all the Ammo Caches on the map!
