An old one!

--------------------------

                         Guide to Installation of
                   Boeing 737-600/700/800 Authorware CBT


Hardware Requirements

To run Boeing 737 Authorware CBT in Windows 3.x or Windows 95 from 
the CD-ROMs, the student station requires the following hardware:

  486/66 CPU or better (Pentium recommended)
  16 MB RAM (32 MB recommended)
  1024x768 pixel, 256 color display
  SoundBlaster compatible audio
  Speaker or headphones
  Mouse
  CD-ROM reader (4x or faster)
  Disk space for about 3.2 MB of overhead files and a 20 MB swap file 

Depending on your system configuration, performance may be enhanced by 
copying the contents of the CD-ROMs to your hard disk or server and 
running the programs from there.  If you do this, you will not need the 
CD-ROM reader to run them but you will need approximately the following 
amounts of additional disk space to store them: 

   220 MB for 737 Flight Differences CBT (English)
   240 MB for 737 Flight Differences CBT (Metric)
  1050 MB for 737 Flight Transition CBT
   810 MB for 737 Maintenance CBT (including about 160 MB for ILCBT)


Installing the Router and Other Overhead Files

1. If you are installing 737 Flight CBT on a station that already has 737 
   Maintenance CBT, or vice versa, rename the program group or Start 
   Programs menu item for the CBT that is already installed (for example, 
   "Boeing 737 CBT Router") to "Boeing 737 Flight CBT" or "Boeing 737 
   Maintenance CBT" as appropriate.  (See "Renaming a Windows 3.x Program 
   Group" or "Renaming a Windows 95 Start Programs Item" below.)

2. Insert the first CD-ROM into the CD-ROM drive.

3. Using the Windows 3.x File Manager or Windows 95 Explorer, find 
   SETUP.EXE in the root directory of the CD-ROM.

4. Execute SETUP.EXE by double-clicking it.

5. Follow the on-screen instructions.

   a. When SETUP asks for the "Installation directory", indicate the 
      drive letter and directory where you want to install the overhead 
      files.

      (1) If you are installing CBT in place of a prior version of the 
          same CBT, specify the same directory.

      (2) If you are installing Flight CBT on a station that already has 
          (or will have) 737 Maintenance CBT (or vice versa), specify 
          a directory name that signifies Flight or Maintenance as 
          appropriate (for example, 737F_CBT or 737M_CBT).

      (3) If the "Installation directory" is a network (server) location 
          and you want more than one student station to share it, be sure 
          to specify the same location each time you run SETUP.

   b. When SETUP offers you the choice of modifying your AUTOEXEC.BAT 
      file or putting the changes in CMI_UP.BAT, select the latter and
      click OK.  When a window advises you to exit Windows and run the 
      CMI_UP.BAT program before running the CBT, ignore the advice and 
      click OK.  (The modifications and CMI_UP.BAT were to enable use of
      a Boeing CMI program that is no longer available.)

   To enable you to start the CBT, SETUP creates a Windows 3.x program 
   group containing icons or adds the name of the courseware to the 
   Windows 95 Start Programs menu.  It also installs all of the system 
   support files (such as fonts & DLLs) needed to run the CBT 
   courseware.  It does not copy the lesson files to your hard disk or 
   server. 

6. If you are using Windows 95, proceed as follows:

   a. If a window titled "C:WINDOWSStart MenuProgramsBoeing 737 CBT 
      Router" remains when SETUP is done, close it.

   b. If you wish to have an icon on your PC desktop for starting the
      CBT, proceed as follows:

      (1) Using the Windows 95 Explorer, find SROUTER.EXE where 
          SETUP installed it.

      (2) Click and drag SROUTER.EXE from the Explorer to your 
          desktop.  (This leaves the SROUTER.EXE file in place but 
          creates a shortcut.)

      (3) Using your right mouse button, click the title (SROUTER.EXE) 
          under the icon.  Select Rename.  Then type the new title (for
          example, 737-700 Maintenance CBT) and press the Enter key.

7. If you installed 737 Flight CBT on a station that already had 737 
   Maintenance CBT, or vice versa, rename the "Boeing 737 CBT Router" 
   program group or Start Programs menu item (for the CBT that you just 
   installed) to "Boeing 737 Flight CBT" or "Boeing 737 Maintenance CBT" 
   as appropriate. (See "Renaming a Windows 3.x Program Group" or 
   "Renaming a Windows 95 Start Programs Item" below.)

8. The LESSONS.LST file installed by SETUP expects the lesson files to be 
   stored on drive D:.  If your CD-ROM reader is not D:, you must edit 
   each line of the LESSONS.LST file in your "Installation directory" to 
   change D: to the correct drive letter.  (See "Editing Files" and 
   "LESSONS.LST:  List of Lesson Titles and File Locations" below.)  Then 
   mark the file as read-only to avoid inadvertent changes to it.  (See 
   "Marking a File as Read-Only" below.)

9. Test the router installation:

   a. If you are using Windows 95, click Start, Programs, Boeing 737 CBT 
      Router (or Boeing 737 Flight CBT or Boeing 737 Maintenance CBT), and 
      then 737 CBT Router, or on your desktop double-click your 737 CBT 
      shortcut icon.

   b. If you are using Windows 3.x, in Program Manager open the Boeing 
      737 CBT Router (or Boeing 737 Flight CBT or Boeing 737 Maintenance 
      CBT) program group and then double-click the 737 CBT Router icon.

   c. Select a lesson, use it until you are satisfied it is running
      satisfactorily, and then exit from the lesson.  Try other lessons
      briefly.


Installing the Courseware on a Hard Disk or Server

The lessons can run from the CD-ROM drive.  However, depending on your 
system configuration, performance may improve if you copy the contents 
of the CD-ROM to your hard disk or server and run the lessons from 
there.  To do this, complete steps #1-7 above on each station where you 
want to run the courseware, and then proceed as follows:

1. To learn how much disk space will be required to store the courseware 
   from each CD-ROM, use Windows 3.x File Manager (click the CD-ROM 
   reader and read the total disk space at the bottom of the window) or 
   Windows 95 Explorer (right-click the CD-ROM reader and select 
   Properties).  To learn if you have sufficient space on the drive(s) 
   where you intend to install the courseware, use the same method but 
   read the space free.

2. Copy the CBT lessons to the hard disk of your station or server.  To 
   accomplish this, "drag and drop" the directory (or directories) 
   containing the lessons and modules (for example, SPCBT) from the 
   CD-ROM to the installation directory.  The lesson and module files 
   will then reside in their own directories with all their supporting 
   files (*.MNU, *.SPT, *.PRC *.TXT, *.GLO, etc.), just as they do on the 
   CD-ROM.

3. If there is a directory called FIXDDISK on the CD-ROM, copy the 
   LESSONS.LST file from that directory to the installation directory,
   overwriting the one installed by SETUP.

4. Edit the LESSONS.LST file in the installation directory:

   a. If the optional [Volume|Volume_Title] is present, delete it 
      everywhere it appears.
 
   b. Make sure the path for each lesson file (*.APP) is correct.
     (See the description of LESSONS.LST below.)  

5. Mark the LESSONS.LST file as read-only to avoid inadvertent changes to 
   it.  (See "Marking a File as Read-Only" below.)

6. Test the installation as described in step #9 of "Installing the 
   Router", above.


The Router Program

The 737 CBT Router is a program designed specifically to launch 737 CBT 
lessons.  It is a simple menu system --- NOT a CMI program.  It does NOT 
have student login, data collection, or reporting.  The 737 lessons were 
designed for use with a separate CMI program compatible with version 1.9 
of the AICC CMI Guidelines for Interoperability.


Running the 737 CBT Router and Lessons

To run the 737 CBT Router, see step #9 of "Installing the Router and 
Other Overhead Files" above.

If there are more than 14 lessons in your lesson list, they will be 
broken into "pages" (14 lessons or fewer per page).  Use the "paging 
arrows" at the bottom of the screen to move between pages.  The page 
number is displayed at the bottom of the screen.

To run a lesson, click its name on the menu.

To quit the router, click the EXIT button.

[etc...]