This is Chefren's Pyramid 3.0. If you have any questions about this game, you can ask me. I would seed so much I can, but I don´t have so fast upload speed.
This is what you gonna do:
1st: Burn or extract the .iso.
2st: Install.
3st Run and Enyoy.
And here are the official read me file:

CHEFREN'S PYRAMID

YOUR MISSION
Solve the tasks and you will climb up!
At the bottom of the pyramid there is an
exit - look at the map!
You must escape before the time runs out!

You can save your position in the pyramid and then
go on from there next time you run the program.
You have to hurry - when your time has run out something
TERRIBLE will happen!


THE EXERCISES
If you don't succeed with one task you must find out 
how to do it. Take it easy - make sure you understand -
it is then, and only then, you will find out that mathematics 
is great fun. Ask someone, borrow a maths book for
middle secondary school or higher secondary school.
Don't give up! You can do it!


THE BUTTONS
SHOW THE BUTTONS PANEL
Click on the Chefren's face or press alt+Z (zoom in!).

HELP (F1)
When in a room you can get advice about how to think to 
solve the problems. In the Help square there are also some 
maths formulae and rules that you will need in that room. 
Read slowly - think!

RULES (F2)
Before you enter a new room the rules for 
that room will be shown. Click on Rules if you 
want to read them again.

THE ROPE LADDER (F3)
At the beginning you brought a rope ladder with
you into the pyramid. If you get stuck you may use
the ladder to climb passed a room.
Don't understand how to use it?
Test it - try it out - You're heading up!
In some of the rooms you can win new ladders. 
These may be useful further up the pyramid where
the tasks get more difficult.

THE MAP (F4)
The map shows your position in the pyramid. It also tells 
you a little about what will happen in the coming rooms.
The big X shows your position.

PRINT (F5)
Print the current screen.

SOUND (F6)
If you don't want to hear the sound effects and music 
- turn them off!

BIGMODE (F7)
To maximize the screen.

SAVE (F8)
You can save your position in the pyramid. Next time you
run Chefren you can start from the room you have saved.
Write your name and your code, e.g. name:  ANNA   code: AH	
Your room number, your time and the number of rope ladders 
you have earned will be saved as a data file called 
ANNA.DAT. It is not possible for someone else to read 
your code. Don't forget it!

GET (F9)
If you have saved your room number earlier on it is possible 
to get back to it. Do just the same as when you saved your 
room number, write your name and your code.
If you have forgotten your code you will have to start 
from the beginning again!

CHANGE (F10) 
You can change room, but it is only possible to change 
to a room which you passed earlier, i.e. a room with 
a lower room number.

INFO (F11)
The text you are reading right now!

BUTTONS (F12)
Show/hide the buttons.

EXIT (Esc)
When you want to finish working on your computer 
and go out into the real world!


SCREEN PROBLEMS
If the screen flickers or the colours look strange - 
adjust your PC to more colours, e.g. 32,000!

If in Windows you use more than 800x600 pixels, 
you must install small fonts:
Win 3.1 - see Installation/Alternatives screen
Win95   - see Unit ...../fonts 


MOVIE PROBLEMS
If you use Windows 3.1 or 3.11 you must install
the avi-player from Microsoft.. 
Run setup.exe! You will find it in the avi directory 
on the CD.


THE NETWORK LICENCE
A school with a network licence has the right to run 
the program on a network. The whole program can be 
downloaded to the server's hard disk. 
The program needs approx. 160 MB of hard disk space. 

A school with no network can load the program onto 
individual PCs. If you are short of space you can erase
all the video clips except 'camels.avi', which reduces 
the space needed to approx. 100 MB.


WITH AN EDUCATION LICENCE YOU CAN ADJUST THE PROGRAM
IN CHEFREN MANAGER
* The time allowed can be adjusted from 1 up to 9 hours.

* If you can't hear any sound or music, even though you 
  selected these alternatives, the sound and music are 
  turned off. To turn them on again re-run 
  CHEFRENMANAGER.EXE.

* Some schools only want their students to be able to save
  their files on diskette and not on the hard disk.

* You can study and print statics of all pupils.

...


FURTHER CHALLENGES
Did you manage Chefren's pyramid?
Try Cheops' pyramid!
In Cheops' the mathematics is a bit harder - from 7th 
year of secondary school to the final year of upper school.

Late 2001 we will release: 
"The Flying Carpet" for ages 7-11.


INTERNET
Visit our Web site: www.alega.se
More programs, demos, tricky things, etc.


FINALLY
The Chefren will be upgraded! We are striving to
make it as exciting, rewarding and informative as possible!
Please let me know if you have any ideas or wishes
concerning the program!

Göran Hjalmarsson, Alega Skolmateriel AB, Sweden 2001

Sorry for my English, but I´m only a 13 years old guy from Sweden.