Abjeez 

abjee (aab.gee): Persian slang for sister ... and that?s just what they are - Safoura and Melody Safavi. Backed by a colorful crew of musicians, the two abjee?s present their own original brand of Persian world pop! Their lyrics, often humorous and sometimes rebellious, are written in Farsi, but the expressive groove of the music and the abjees? dramatic delivery break down all language barriers to create a new synthesis of cultures. 

Perhaps \"world pop\" best describes Abjeez music. The Abjeez unique sound is influenced by wide mixture of world compositions mastered to its\' own description of original melody and songs. Abjeez music is suited for everyone regardless of age, sex or cultural backgrounds. The lashing passion behind Abjeez force is to award love, carry hope and perhaps become a diverse musical alternative for future generations in Iran. The name Abjeez comes from the word Abjee, which is slang for ?sister? in Iranian language Farsi. The Abjeez are sisters Safoura and Melody Safavi, backed by a colorful group of musicians from Sweden. The Abjeez sisters, Safoura and Melody were born in Iran amongst a family of diverse musicians. Both sisters moved to Sweden along with their family in 1987. Looking up to their father?s passion for music combined with older brother Sufi?s love for guitar encouraged the sisters to start writing, and composing original music. Having experienced living life in countries such as India, Sweden, Norway, England, Spain and United States has also had a great impact and influence on Abjeez music. Safoura, the younger abjee, not only composes all their songs, but she has also been playing guitar and composing music since age 12. By 17 Safoura began studying music at Hvitfeldska Schol of music in Gothenburg/Sweden, and furthered her studies in the field of Flamenco guitar and song at the prestigious Fundacion Christina Heeren del arte flamenco, located in Seville/Spain. After returning from Spain, Safoura decided to pursue a music project with her elder sister, which had already started 10 years before. 

Safoura carefully handpicked the other four band members, describing them as a ?musical goldmine.? Erland Hofgaard a skilled bassist and Paulo Murga a professional Chilean percussionist were introduced to Safoura several years back, while she was visiting Pitea University of Music during her brother?s studies for sound engineering. Both Erland and Paulo gave Safoura a great sense of musical approval by assuring her guaranteed collaboration with the Abjeez. Flamenco guitarist Johan Moberg and drummer Robin Cochrane, were also discovered by Safoura years later in their home town of Ostersund/ Sweden. 

Sufi, Safoura, Robin and Johan, who currently live in Ostersund have made the small town in to their own musical Mekka for creation and recording. Even though half of the Abjeez live far from each other, they often meet in Ostersund to catch up with practice and hit the road for performances from Europe to USA.

for more info go to: www.Abjeez.com

