Heretic (1994)

Raven Software teamed up with Id Software for the second time in its creation of the hit fantasy action game Heretic. Based on a modified DooM engine, Heretic pioneered a revolutionary new inventory system for character item use that has become commonplace in the FPS genre. Id Software published the game under its flag and it was distributed by GT Interactive. 

Players took the role of Corvus, an Elven hero whose race was nearly eliminated by a horde of evil monsters from another dimension. The first episode of Heretic was released as Shareware as a precursor to the full version of the game, Heretic: Shadow of the Serpent Riders. 




HeXen - Beyond Heretic (1995)

Raven Software's HeXen actually began development as an expansion for Heretic that was originally slated to hit the shelves as "Heretic II." However, the game design so expanded beyond the original game that this proposed the expansion of the Heretic universe took on a bold new identity of its own…HeXen: Beyond Heretic. 

HeXen was developed over a period of 8 months, published by Id Software and distributed by GT Interactive in 1995. The game introduced the 3-D gaming world to the "hub system" of level progression, rotating polygonal brushes and multiple character classes that were available in both single player and multiplayer. All of this combined to help HeXen raise the bar for the first-person shooter genre. HeXen pushed Id Software's DooM engine to its absolute limits and surpassed Heretic as Raven Software's most popular, highly acclaimed title. 



DeathKings of the Dark Citadel (1996)

Where HeXen Ends, the True Nightmare Begins. Deathkings of the Dark Citadel is the only official expansion of the original HeXen game. This add-on pack features 20 new single player levels from the original HeXen team as well as a host of new multiplayer options. 

Deathkings of the Dark Citadel was the first true game expansion that Raven Software ever produced. In addition to providing three new hubs for the original HeXen, the Deathkings expansion was the first multiplayer game that allowed eight players to connect to a LAN simultaneously.



Format: CloneCD-Images