October 4, 2007:

THE EMERGENCE OF JONI MITCHELL, a two-hour examination of the heralded songwriter, is now available for Joni fans to hear online. In this third installment of his series on the seminal work of important figures in popular music, award-winning producer Paul Ingles and guest commentators explore how Joni Mitchell crafted her artistry and connected with audiences over four decades.

The program focuses on Mitchell's key releases to illuminate the musicianship of the woman Rolling Stone called "one of rock's most daring and uncompromising innovators."

By mixing Mitchell's music from these pivotal moments with informed commentary from musicians, fans, music critics and archival interviews with Mitchell herself, THE EMERGENCE OF JONI MITCHELL articulates what music lovers have found so compelling about this thoughtful and innovative writer and performer. Special guests include music writers Ann Powers, Anthony DeCurtis, Paul Zollo, Lydia Hutchinson, and Holly George-Warren. Also featured are KGSR Radio's Jody Denberg and musicians Shawn Colvin, Lucy Kaplansky, Randall Williams, and Herbie Hancock. Joni fans Ashara Stansfield, Sue McNamara, Les Irvin and Jill Haas are included as well.

"Mitchell put the experience of being a woman and being human on artful display," says Ingles. Ingles says the special explores her blatantly honest and confessional lyrics, innovative open guitar tunings and jazz-inflected vocals in some detail.

"I like to think of these programs like docent-led exhibition tours," says Ingles. "The commentators tune listeners' ears for particular things in Joni's music, then we play the song and it becomes a fresh experience."

This is the third in an on-going series of radio programs about the seminal work of important artists that Ingles is producing. Previous episodes were THE EMERGENCE OF BOB DYLAN and THE EMERGENCE OF PAUL SIMON.

For more details on THE EMERGENCE OF JONI MITCHELL, an audio preview, extended interviews, pictures and a link to the program online can be found at Paul's website: http://www.paulingles.com/mitchell.html

Another place where the program can be auditioned and reviewed is at this link (http://www.prx.org/pieces/20878). Visitors need to register with the Public Radio Exchange to hear it there.    