Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home (Collectors Special Edition)



Synopsis
In 2286, Kirk and company wait in self-imposed exile on Vulcan, monitoring Spock\'s progress as he remembers his past. On Earth, the Federation Council is urged by the Klingon Ambassador to produce Kirk for trial for his actions against the Klingons on the Genesis Planet. Ambassador Sarek denies the request to permit Kirk\'s extradition from Vulcan and defends Kirk before the Council. The council agrees, yet demands Kirk return to Earth to face his violation of nine Starfleet regulations. Caught between two different sides, Kirk finally decides to take the Klingon Bird-of-Prey to Earth to face the Council\'s charges. Spock, still suffering slightly from his fal-tor-pan, decides he must accompany his captain.

The crew arrives to find Earth in turmoil, threatened by a deep space probe that has drained all power and is vaporizing the oceans, producing a worldwide cloud cover which begins to block the sun. Because of the enormous storms ravaging the entire planet, Starfleet warns all approaching spacecraft to keep their distance.

Spock manages to identify the probe\'s unusual communication, which turns out to be a transmission to long-extinct humpback whales. When the probe\'s signal is not answered, it increases its output, causing more clouds and even more storms. Kirk and crew, orbiting the doomed planet, decide that the only way to save Earth is to time-travel back to the twentieth century, when whales still existed, and return to the present with a pair of the mammals. With any luck, then the probe\'s signal might be answered and Earth spared.

The crew, still piloting the Bird-of-Prey, use the slingshot effect to travel back in time. They pick up whale songs emanating from the West Coast of North America. They land the Klingon warbird in a San Francisco park, where thanks to its cloaking device, the ship is concealed from view. However, the time traveling damaged the ship\'s valuable dilithium crystals. The small crew then splits up, with Uhura and Chekov assigned to locate an atomic reactor for photons to recharge the ship\'s power, and McCoy, Scotty and Sulu ordered to create a tank in the cargo bay that will safely house a pair of whales.

Kirk and Spock, after a humorous trip through twentieth century San Francisco, locate Dr. Gillian Taylor and her mated pair of whales, George and Gracie. Due to cut-backs at the Maritime Cetacean Institute, where the whales are on exhibit, they are due to be released in the sea. Once there, Taylor fears the pair will be in danger from whale hunters. When Spock performs a Vulcan mind-meld with the whales, he learns that Gracie is pregnant. Kirk tries to convince the doctor that he\'s from the future and that Starfleet will take good care of her whales, but Taylor is, understandably, incredulous.

Technical data

Director Leonard Nimoy

Cast William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, DeForest Kelley, Nichelle Nichols, James Doohan, George Takei, Walter Koenig, Mark Lenard

Length 114 min

Full DVD

Distributor Paramount

Video Pal
Widescreen 2.35:1

Languages Dolby Digital 5.1: English . Dolby Surround: French, Spanish

Subtitles English, Croatian, French, Hebrew, Greek, Portuguese, Slovakian, Spanish, Serbian

Other features

Interactive Menus, Scene Access

More info in