"Quatsi Trilogy"

1.  Koyaanisqatsi (1983)

IMDB Link:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0085809/

2.  Powaqqatsi (1988)

IMDB Link:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0095895/

3.  Naqoyqatsi (2002)

IMDB Link:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0145937/

----

A request for "Soapta" here are your movies.  I've not seen these, but I know what they are. I went through 4 dvd's till I had a matching set, so it's the same bitrate and shit.  Enjoy.

----

Mini Plot:

1.  Koyaanisqatsi:

Is a documentary (of sorts). It is also a visual concert of images set to the haunting music of 'Phillip Glass' . While there is no plot in the traditional sense, there is a definate scenario. The film opens on ancient native American cave drawings, while the soundtrack chants "Koyaanisqatsi" which is a Hopi indian term for "life out of balance". The film uses extensive time lapse photography (which speeds images up) and slow motion photography to make comparisons between different types of physical motion. In one of the first examples, we see cloud formations moving (sped up) intercut with a montage of ocean waves (slowed down) and in such a way we are able to see the similarities of movement between these natural forces. This technique of comparison exists throughout the film, and through it we learn more about the world around us. The film progresses from purely natural environments to nature as affected by man, and finally to man's own manmade environment, devoid of nature yet still following the patterns of natural flow as depicted in the beginning of the film, yet in chaos and disarray. Through this the film conveys its key message, which is Koyaanisqatsi: life out of balance; crazy life; life in turmoil; life disintegrating; a state of life that calls for another way of living.


2.  Powaqqatsi:

Where Koyaanisqatsi dealt with the imbalance between nature and modern society, Powaqqatsi, the second installment in director Godfrey Reggio's Qatsi trilogy, is a celebration of the human-scale endeavor -- the craftsmanship, spiritual worship, labor and creativity -- that defines a particular culture. It's a celebration of rareness but also an observation of how these societies move to a universal drumbeat.

3.  Naqoyqatsi:

In this cinematic concert, mesmerizing images are plucked from everyday reality, then visually altered with state-of-the-art digital techniques. The result is a chronicle of the shift from a world organized by the principles of nature to one dominated by technology, the synthetic and the virtual. Extremes of intimacy and spectacle, tragedy and hope fuse in a tidal wave of visuals and music, giving rise to a unique, artistic experience that reflects the vision of a brave new globalized world.

----

Encoded by: sickboy88
Codec: XviD 1.1.0 Beta 2
Bitrate: 1008 kb/s AVG, 850 kb/s AVG, 964 kb/s AVG
Aspect: 640x368 = 1.74:1
Audio: English, 128 VBR Stereo @ 48K Hz
Subtitles: None
Runtime: 01:26:05, 01:39:43, 01:29:21
FPS: 23.976

----

If you are going to watch this, you'll want to install the NEW XviD codec:

Now at Beta 2!

http://www.koepi.org/XviD-1.1.0-Beta2-04042005.exe

For top quality, make sure you use the XviD decoder configerator, and turn
on (Y) and (UV) deblocking, and the new feature of
XviD 1.1.0 (Y) and (UV) DERINGING.

If you have a slow computer, please turn off pre-processing. I don't want
another stupid motherfucker telling me that my movies are out of sync
because they are totally computer illiterate.