I swear... dammit, I uploaded this to Oink.cd *yesterday*. You know what? That's not fair. Let's share it with the masses. Keep it out of the white tower. Sounds good to me. Dothe same, guys, ok?




Cover image here: http://img507.imageshack.us/img507/4577/excelsis2frontyh6.jpg



Track Listing

1. El Duende -  Gaudete, Gaudete 
2. Rhea's Obsession - We Three Kings (feat. Athan Maroulis)
3. London After Midnight - The Christmas Song
4. The Cruxshadows - Happy Xmas (War Is Over)
5. Unto Ashes - Lord of the Dance
6. The Machine in the Garden - Coventry Carol
7. Faith & Disease - Silver and Gold
8. Lynn Canfield - The True Present
9. Sofia Run - Nerotai Hazarurim (Little Candles)
10. Siddal - In the Bleak Midwinter
11. Thanatos - Silent Night
12. Julia Kent - What Child Is This?
13. Rhea's Obsession - Huron Indian Carol
14. Lycia - O Little Town of Bethlehem
15. Human Drama - I Believe in Father Christmas



Amazon.com Review (http://amazon.com/exec/obidos/ASIN/B00000JCBV/musicbrainz0d-20?v=glance&s=music)
by Steve Landau

Do goths celebrate Christmas? Somehow, the image of somber neo-vampires with white face makeup and jet-black hair seems incongruous next to the cheery festivity of the holiday season. (Do they abandon their trademark dark clothing in favor of red-and-green argyle sweaters?) Well, Excelsis, Vol. 2: A Winter's Song proves you can have your fruitcake and eat it, too. Much like its predecessor, 1995's A Dark Noel, this album features a selection of holiday songs as interpreted by goth bands. Yet what sounds like a cheesy way to cash in on the Christmas-music craze is actually a pretty good listen, especially if you're tired of hearing "Jingle Bell Rock" for the umpteenth time. Predictably, the songs veer toward the liturgical, but there are also fresh takes on traditional carols and even a Hanukkah song (Sofia Run's bittersweet take on "Little Candles"--sung in Hebrew, no less). El Duende's stirring "Gaudete, Gaudete," Rhea's Obsession's Dead Can Dance-like "We Three Kings," Rasputina member Julia Kent's beautiful cello rendition of "What Child Is This?," and Lycia's eerie "Little Town of Bethlehem" round out a worthwhile collection. Now all you need to do is turn the lights down low, paint the Christmas tree black, and wait for Satan--er, Santa--to come down the chimney.