Live from Daryl's House Part 3 (WebRip)

This Month's Guests:
Tom "T-Bone" Wolk (Guitars, Background vocals)
Eliot Lewis (Keyboards, Background Vocals)
Zev Katz (Bass)
Shawn Pelton (Drums)
Everett Bradley (Percussion, Background Vocals)

Set List:
1) Rich Girl
2) You Make My Dreams Come True
3) Kiss On My List
4) Someone Else's Kids
5) Stop Loving Me, Stop Loving You
6) Somebody Like You
7) Maneater (Reggae Version)
8) What's Gonna Happen to Us

Description:
	
There's been no official description for this month's show so I'll throw in my two cents:

The Bad:
This episode was shot on the same day as Part One so let's call it Part 2 of Part 1. Once again it's in the crappy Flash video format (FLV) and suffers visually from all its defects but has a slightly higher bit-rate. The first three songs: "Rich Girl", "You Make My Dreams Come True" and "Kiss on My List" are all Hall and Oates live encore staples.  But for the seasoned Hall and Oates fan, these are the blandest songs they perform.  Daryl has such a rich song catalogue that there is no reason to delve into such mediocrity as he did here.

"Someone Else's Kids" Is the same version as Episode one. Seemingly shot later that night, on the same day as Part One. Great Song, but why put the same song on Episode 3? Also, why do the cameramen have to intrude in every shot? It's like watching an amateur wedding video.

The Good:
The last half is incredible! "Stop Loving You, Stop Loving me" is a Daryl Hall, "Soul Alone" LP Classic.  The band and Daryl really start to wake up on this track. "Somebody Like You" ("Someone Like You" originally on the "3 Hearts in the Happy Ending Machine" LP) is the real standout here. Daryl dedicates this tack to Janna Allen (The sister of Sara Allen, long standing song partner and the inspiration for many H&O tunes including "Kiss on My List".) 

Janna died of leukemia in 1992 in the company of her sister Sara and Daryl.
 
The original Reggae version of "Maneater" is also amazing plus the never before heard live version of "What's Gonna Happen to Us" (from "3 Hearts in the Happy Ending Machine" ) highlights how 20 years later, we are still facing the same issues and problems we did in 1986.  The last half of this episode really shines and once again, thanks to Daryl for sharing his music with us. Much appreciated and look forward to Part 4.		