Putumayo Presents:
Samba Bossa Nova 2002
An Alluring Collection of Contemporary Brazilian Music from Samba and Bossa Nova's New Wave. 
Rip 192kbs
Covers Included

Putumayo World Music proudly presents Samba Bossa Nova, an alluring collection of Brazilian music from samba and bossa nova's new wave. The classic sound of the past meets the voices of the future in this hip selection. 
The children of the bossa nova generation are now coming of age, and while many originally rebelled against their parents music they are now returning to it to carry the torch of the bossa nova and classic samba style. A number of the artists who appear on Samba Bossa Nova, Paulo Jobim, Jairzinho Oliveira, and Moreno Veloso, are the children of bossa nova's biggest stars. Some use contemporary instruments like samplers, turntables and computers to add new elements to the classic bossa sound. Others simply seek to excel at the faithful interpretation of the classics. Still others write new material that does not imitate pure samba and bossa nova, but is clearly inspired by it. 

The result is a "nova bossa nova," a new bossa nova that maintains recognizable links to the jazzy, samba sounds of a generation ago, while propelling the music forward in new and exciting directions. Romantic, richly melodic, subtly rhythmic, and entrancing, the songs on Samba Bossa Nova is perfect mood music that captures the magic of yesterday and the invention of tomorrow. 


Tracklist:
Quarteto Jobim-Morelenbaum - Eu e O Meu Amor/Lamento No Morro 
Da Lata - Cores 
Jairzinho Oliveira - Papo do Psicólogo 
Jussara Silveira - Lá Vem a Baiana 
Moreno Veloso - Deusa do Amor 
Jorge Aragão - Preto, Cor Preta 
Eliete Negreiros - Meu Mundo é Hoje 
Paulinho Moska - Admiração 
Rosa Passos - E Luxo So 
Márcio Faraco - Feitiço Da Vila 
Rita Ribeiro - Banho Cheiroso


This is one of the many Putumayo´s records I have in mind to upload, so please help keep seeding after you downloaded.
Enjoy It!
Ulysses56 
