McAfee Parental Controls helps parents protect their children from the unknown dangers of the Internet. It lets parents manage how each child can communicate across the Internet. McAfee Parental Controls includes child-specific settings for web pages, chat filtering, objectionable word filtering, online time limits, and more! 
Benefits 


Identity Protection 
McAfee Parental Controls can secure your personal identification and financial information (name, phone number, address, credit card and bank account numbers), and prevent these and other specified pieces of information about you or your family from being transmitted out over the Internet without your permission, enhancing your privacy and helping to protect your identity. 


Filters Chat 
McAfee Parental Controls offers chat filtering protection for both instant messaging and chat rooms. Your child won\'t be exposed to unsuitable discussion or send personal information inadvertently. 


Blocks Web Sites 
With McAfee Parental Controls you are able to control the content you feel is inappropriate. Customize the objectionable word list and web site list to your needs so that you can be the judge of the content that you allow/ disallow. 


Easy override 
If a web page gets wrongly blocked, simply put in the master password to allows always or even just one time. This ensures complete customization. 


Allows Multiple Users 
Set up as many users as you want with McAfee Parental Controls. Each user has his/ her own user id and password for protection. 


Internet Access Times 
Set Internet time limits with McAfee Parental Controls. Stop users from being on the Internet when they shouldn\'t be. 


Activity logs 
Easily track a user\'s activity with the activity logs. These are only presented to the master user so that no one else is able to tamper with them. 


System Requirements 


CD-ROM Drive 
Microsoft Windows Vista, XP Home, XP Pro, 2000 Pro, ME, 98 
Internet Explorer 4.01, SP 2 
32 MB RAM 
40 MB Hard Disk Space 
Pentium 100 MHz or higher processor 
Internet Access is required for some features 
