Premise: The last student of the notorious Five Venoms House goes in search of the five elder brothers he has never met in order to help the righteous brothers stop the corrupt ones from stealing a valuable treasure.

Review: This is it kung fu fans, the definitive 'Venoms' film and arguably the single most popular Shaw Brothers movie in the world. With its release writer/director Chang Cheh firmly established his third and final generation of kung fu star protégés, or as the original advertising states "All brand new pugilistic stars," who included kicker Sun Chien, strongman Lo Meng, the acrobatic Chiang Sheng, the villainous Lu Feng, the charismatic Philip Kwok, and reservist Wai Pak. As a result of this film's enormous popularity these stars have come to be collectively known as The Venoms. And yes, they total six, but more on that later.

The Five Venoms is more than just a kung fu movie. Chang Cheh brought the visual gimmicks and mystery of wuxia pien films into the standard kung fu genre and combined this with a cast possessing the greatest screen chemistry in martial arts film history. It's no wonder that the film has been such a hit in the West and deservedly so.

Chang's conceptual hook is genius. There are five mysterious fighters each trained in a deadly art modeled after the most venomous creatures in nature. Scorpion, Snake, Centipede, Gecko, and Toad; they are all members of the Five Venoms House and possess spiffy Mexican wrestling-style masks to match. And yet, they have never met for they were each trained individually. Yang (Chiang Sheng), the sixth and final student of the Five Venoms House who is trained in each of the five styles is ordered by the House's dying master to seek out his brothers and team up with the righteous Venoms to kill the ones who have made their clan the enemies of the martial world. Each with false identities, they all converge on a small town where a former House member (Guk Fung) has hidden away a treasure that the villainous Venoms are after. As Yang observes and waits for his opportunity, two greedy Venoms make a murderous grab for the treasure and pin the crime on the righteous Toad (Lo Meng. Yang teams up with Gecko (Philip Kwok) to fight them while the secretive Scorpion plays both sides.

There is a fair amount of solid kung fu action, but its not the best. Some of the Venoms' subsequent films improved in that area, but they all opted for style and camp value over kung fu skill. But that doesn't diminish the entertainment value of any of the Venoms' better films including The Five Venoms. Action highlights include the Venoms opening demonstrations, Lo Meng versus Lu Feng in the street, the use of some nasty pokers to deliver lethal internal damage undetected, Gecko wall-walking (a trick Jimmy Wang Yu displayed in Master of the Flying Guillotine), and Wai Pak versus Lo Meng. Lo essentially has Iron Vest kung fu and is impervious to bladed weapons, a martial element Lo also displays in Kid with the Golden Arm. Wai puts his Snake Fists to work trying to discover the weak point that leads up the memorable scene where poor Lo is tossed into the bronze coat of 1000 needles, or essentially an iron maiden.

Each of the Venoms are quite talented and bring unique personalities to their roles that have stuck with them in most of the films that followed. Chiang Sheng has boyish looks and with his acrobatic skills is the most playful. Although he is the leading character that we follow through the story, he regularly takes a back seat to the other characters. Lo Meng on the other hand stands out the best with his muscular build and for the memorable torture he is subjected to. If I had to play favorites, I would choose him over the rest for he has the cocksure attitude of Bruce Lee, great facial expressions, and powerful movements. Philip Kwok, who has gone on to be a very successful international action director, is probably the most charismatic. His martial arts skills are well-rounded and he easily slips between acting comical and serious. Sun Chien is the straight man with good kicking skills, similar to Dorian Tan in a way, but not as talented. With his calculating eyes and dispassionate demeanor, Lu Feng is simply a villain by default, but plays it well. His fancy red costume in the film suits him perfectly. And lastly there is Wai Pak, the occasional sixth Venom I liken to Zeppo, the fourth Marx Brother. He has almost no personality at all in this film. I'm going to be especially critical here and say that anyone could have played his part just as well or better. He's definitely the weakest link in the Venoms chain. Another disappointment is Johnny Wang's non-action role. This is the guy that both Chang Cheh and Lau Kar-leung regularly called on to play leading kung fu villains and who delivered outstanding fighting performances in films such as Lion vs. Lion and Lady is the Boss. Yet as a simple public official, he's completely wasted.

In addition to its stars, The Five Venoms established the look of Chang Cheh's films from this point on. Historically-modeled costumes and scenarios were traded in for gaudy, chest-baring vests and bloody kung fu-style conflict set in an unreal martial world, once the exclusive domain of stoic swordsmen and women. Speaking of women, there are none. This is Chang Cheh's manly world and there's no room for martial beauties of the day like Kara Hui and Angela Mao.

The Five Venoms ultimately lives up to its tremendous hype. Apart from its substantial significance in the history of the martial arts film genre and its popularity, the movie really is a lot of fun. It's a rarity, but Chang Cheh balances out the usual action with a suspenseful story and great characters. The Chinatown Kid was a warm up for the Venoms stars who fully come into their own with this, their signature work.
	-
	

- Mark Pollard