OiNK is lost, what should be done?
THIS SITE IS IN NOW WAY AFFILIATED WITH OiNK.CD, AND I DID NOT KNOW THE ADMINS OF THAT WEBSITE.

Today, OiNK.cd was raided, and one admin was arrested.

We were all sad to see Oink go today, and my deepest regrets go to the arrested admin. However, there is something we can do to get back at the bastards who took us down. The mass of quality content on that tracker was just amazing, and that was the main reason for why Oink was a target. However, all of that content is still available, and well seeded. What it is lacking at the moment, is a tracker.

While OiNK was still up, there was a well grounded hardcore ban on uploading OiNK torrents to other trackers. While technically possible, it resulted in a ban. Now however, with Oink gone, we can get all that content out on public trackers, providing it too an infinitely larger amount of people. It will be a massive backfire for IFPI, showing them that their attempts to stop information freedom are feeble and bound to fail. Above all we just can\'t loose the gigantic library that OiNK provided, it must be saved. Therefore I suggest the following:

Take all of your seeded oink torrents, change their tracker address and upload them to The Pirate Bay. Brand the names and descriptions with the epitaph FOR-OINK and link back to this site in the description. To contact me, send an e-mail to thisisforoink@yahoo.com

HOWEVER we can\'t just upload our OiNK torrents without changing the announce URL. Anyone that has a piece of software, prefarably web based, that can batch-edit announce-urls in torrents should nudge me on thisisforoink.yahoo.com! That way, nothing more is need than for eveyone to run their OiNK torrents in a batch through the software and then upload to TPB. However, uploading without changing the announce URL will not work!
Let\'s show them, and let us, in a way, save OiNK.

PS: Of course, i support any attempts to support for legal help for the arrested. Throw me a link if you have heard of any such action.