Mastering Italian (c) Global Access
	
Mastering Italian - Conversation 1 - Social & Travel
Mastering Italian - Conversation 2 - Social & Travel
Mastering Italian - Conversation 3 - Social & Travel
Mastering Italian - Conversation 4 - Business
Mastering Italian - Vocabulary 1 - Nouns
Italian - Vocabulary 2 - Adjectives, Adverbs, Conjunctions, Prepositions
Mastering Italian - Vocabulary 3 - Expressions
Mastering Italian - Vocabulary 4 - Verbs
Mastering Italian - Italian Immersion
Mastering Italian - Traverler's Survival Kit


Brought 2 U by TW of (?) Infinity

OLD Link to this Was: 
http://thepiratebay.org/tor/3630767/Mastering_Italian____Global_Access

It's all the same stuff as the old link, I just couldn't get it to Seed properly for some reason.

(My Previous Comments):

This is the COMPLETE UNCUT version of this Italian Language Set. I Ripped all Audio in 192kpbs Rates, so there should be either minimal or absolutely No clicking whatsoever... This is My Official Torrent Ever Uploaded, so I hope you all enjoy this. 


May U Speak Italian Fluently by the End of this Course. If there's a lot of interest in this then I will Seed for a While, I Just Hope that I'm not the only one. If After YOU finished Leeching this Torrent, and YOU See that there are not too many seeders, PLEASE follow the ETiQueTe AND YOU KeeP-ON SeeDing! 


ThX!

. . . Also if I'm not mistaken, all the Manuals, Guides, & Videos are On this CD-Set and in their Original UnMuted Format.

WOW! I'm Surprised that there's so much Enthusiastic Interest... and About that Vacation Comment, Yea. sorta... 

But it was more like My Computer Went on Vacation! LOL 

Had to ReInstall Windows about 3 Times.. But now seems to be working.. we'll See! ;) 


Hopefully, This will be leached and Spread before i run into any new probs... LOL 

(BTW, I purchased the original @ Costco) 

If this one is popular, i might Seed the Other Italian Set that i bought concurrently with this one. (Different Company).
