CASUS BELLI: In The Name Of Rose

[img]http://www.disagreement.net/reviews/casusbelli_inthenameofrose.jpg[/img]	

	

Style
CASUS BELLI: In The Name Of Rose 	2005-06-27 	power metal

Label
www.limb-music.de / www.suburban.nl / www.hardlifepromotion.nl

Website
www.casusbelli-band.com

 
Playing Time 	Cat. N┬░
41:47 	LMP 0506-081 CD
Review by 	Rating
Vera 	8,5/10
nederlands 	

Every band has its own story but the Greek Casus Belli?s history contains a few remarkable facts. The band was formed out of the ashes of Condemnation, when vocalist

Panos Dedes returned to Greece in a frustrated mood, after being beaten by a hair?s breath at the auditions for becoming the new Judas Priest vocalist. He swore to show the metal world what he was capable of and called his old friend and guitarist Panos Arvanitis.

In the first line-up of this new-made metal band, we initially met Bob Katsionis who once contributed to Nightfall and furthermore he is known of some solo albums. Nowadays Casus Belli has no more keyboardist in their ranks, yet the music still has an epic fibre. Their demo CD (1998) was very successful and caught the eye by a guest appearance of Rage?s Peavy Wagner. The 2001 release ?Mirror Out Of Time? got rave reviews too. But this year the band got into a rapid. A contract was signed with Limb Music Products and in March this ?In The Name Of Rose? was recorded at the German Prophecy & Music Factory Studios under the guidance of producer R.D. Liapakis (Valley?s Eve, Mystic Prophecy). In their home country guitarist Panos Arvanitis is considered as the new Gus G. What the man shows on this album is impressive indeed. And? the other Panos is a marvellous singer. Somewhat husky and rough, but a wide range voice full of emotions.

So I am really fond of ?In The Name Of Rose?. This is recommended for every power metal fan who is not only focused on maximum velocity, but also likes a melodic touch. The most catchy track is ?Holy Gates?, it would do well as a single. The band finds a perfect balance between nearly speed metal in ?I?m Your Master? and ?Isolation?, and mid paced stunners like ?Initiation? with spoken parts and the ghost of Iron Maiden within, the epic ?Naked King? and the quite well but not outstanding semi-ballad ?Edge Of A Knife?. The propelling rhythms in ?Diamond Crown? are ravishing too. Casus Belli is no Judas Priest copy at all, the first song of the album has the most resemblance with that, but they are just an excellent Greek heavy metal band with a fine sophomore album.

Musicians

Panos Dedes: vocals
Panos Arvanitis: guitars
Fotis Anagnostou: bass
Frank Huber: drums

Tracklist

I?m Your Master (3?34??)
Vengeance Is My Law (4?05??)
Holy Gates (in the Name of Rose) (3?33??)
Diamond Crown (3?50??)
Edge of a Knife (4?32??)
Initiation (Promised Land) (4?20??)
Isolation (3?31??)
Naked King (4?35??)
Wrongly Right (3?26??)
Eastern Dance (3?40??)
Whispering (2?38??)