Easy CD-DA Extractor copies audio CDs, converts music files 
     from one format to another, and burns audio CDs, MP3 CDs, WMA 
     CDs, and regular Data CDs. 
     
     Supports all popular audio file formats such as 3G2, 3GP, MP1, 
     MP2, MP3, Windows Media Audio, Ogg Vorbis, MP4, M4A, AAC, 
     aacPlus (HE-AAC, AAC+, HE-AAC+PS, eAAC+), FLAC, 
     Musepack, WavPack, WAV, AIFF, Monkey's Audio, CUE and 
     M3U.
     
     1) Audio CD Ripper
     
     Rips audio CDs with accurate, secure, high-performance CD 
     ripping engine. Bypasses 'copy-protections'. Reads CDs that are 
     in bad condition and reports possible errors on the disc. 
     
     Automatically downloads disc information such as Artist, Track 
     Titles, etc, and Cover Art image from the Internet.
     
     Allows editing of ID3/metadata and can embed advanced 
     metadata fields such as Cover Art image to the files.
     
     Includes advanced audio processing features such as Peak Level 
     Normalization, RMS Normalization, and Fade In/Out.
     
     2) Audio File Format Converter
     
     Converts audio files from one format to another.
     
     Allows editing of ID3/metadata and can embed advanced 
     metadata fields such as Cover Art image to the files. Cover Art 
     images can be downloaded from the Internet using the brilliant 
     'Amazon Search' feature.
     
     Can perform advanced audio processing such as Peak Level 
     Normalization, RMS Normalization, and Fade In/Out.
     
     3) Audio CD Creator
     
     Writes Audio CDs that are compatible with all home/car CD-
     players.
     
     Burns Audio CDs on-the-fly from all audio file formats. 
     
     Writes CD-Text (a CD-Text compatible CD-player can display 
     the track titles while playing the CD).
     
     BURN-Proof enabled for error-free CD burning.
     
     4) MP3/WMA CD Creator
     
     Writes MP3 CDs and WMA CDs that are playable on a CD/DVD-
     player that supports the feature. MP3 and WMA CDs can also be 
     played on a regular CD-ROM drive of a computer.
     
     Supports long JOLIET-filenames.
     
     Can also be used to write standard Data CDs.
     
     BURN-Proof enabled for error-free CD burning.
     
     State-of-the-art audio encoding technology - Easy CD-DA 
     Extractor includes the most advanced audio codec, aacPlus from 
     the Coding Technologies.
     
     Available in 30 languages - English, German, French, Spanish, 
     Italian, Finnish, Swedish, Arabic, Catalan, Chinese (Simplified), 
     Chinese (Traditional), Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Greek, 
     Hungarian, Japanese, Korean, Macedonian, Norwegian, Polish, 
     Portuguese (Brazilian), Portuguese (Portugal), Romanian, 
     Russian, Serbian (Latin & Cyrillic), Slovak, Slovenian, Turkish
