Five Books Included in This Pack:

Beyond The Vanishing Point

Science Fiction:

When George Randolph first caught sight of Orena, he was astounded by its gleaming perfection. Here were hills and valleys, lakes and streams, glowing with the light of the most precious of metals. And, more astonishing than that, it was a world of miniature perfection--an infinitely tiny universe within a golden atom!

Erik Dorn:

Seven years of married life and sixteen years of working for the same newspaper leave Erik Dorn feeling empty, bored, and segregated from life. An extramarital love affair offers only temporary satisfaction -- it is the European turmoil of World War I which provides an opportunity to abandoning his banal Chicago existence and becoming a participant rather than an observer in life. Upon returning to Chicago Dorn finds his wife re-married and his love for the other woman dead. Only emptiness remains.

Fanny Hill eBooK

Written while Cleland was in debtor's prison, Fanny Hill is considered the first 'erotic' novel.

Fifteen Thousand Useful Phrases

A Practical Handbook of Pertinent Expressions, Striking Similes, Literary, Commercial, Conversational, and Oratorical Terms, for the Embellishment of Speech and Literature, and the Improvement of the Vocabulary of those Persons who Read, Write, and Speak English

20000 Leagues Under The Sea

20,000 Leagues Under the Sea is about the adventures of Captain Nemo and his crew aboard the submarine, Nautilus. One day ships start sinking, particularly ones dealing with war. Survivors think it is a big whale. A harpoon ship goes out to kill it, but finds out that the whale is actually the Nautilus.

The most interesting part of this book was probably the Nautilus itself. It is shaped to look like a fish, with a large metal fin on top used to ram and sink the ships. The camouflage of the boat being shaped like a whale works, up until the part where the Nautilus takes on a few passengers from one of the sinking ships.

Another intriguing part of this book was Captain Nemo. He is the kind of character that you neither like nor dislike. I say this, because of some of Nemo?s actions. Captain Nemo hates war, and throughout the book, he uses his submarine to destroy all kinds of war related ships. You would like him for trying to put an end to war, but dislike his method (destroying ships and killing innocent lives).



-LEGAL TORRENTS

Purpose:

create a balance, share the already free stuff,
public domain works, freeware, free music,
free ebooks, articles, manifestos, movie trailers, and more.

show the copyright owners that torrent
websites shouldn't bear the responsibility
of what their users upload, torrent websites
are very much similar to google..

users upload what they want to upload,
download what they want to download,
and search for what they want to search..

by creating this balance and sharing the already free
stuff, we hope to take the pressure of torrent websites..

