Art Zoyd
Faust - Atonal Records 1995
Outre Music Website

This is a great, mid 90's AZ recording when they were a four piece consisting of Patricia Dallio (keyboards, samplers), Daniel Denis (percussion, keyboards, samplers), Gerard Hourbette (percussion, keyboards, samplers) and Thierry Zaboitzeff (percussion, keyboards, samplers, basses, cello and vocals). As you can see by this configurations instrument list, gone are the days of the mainly acoustic chamber ensemble...instead we have a fully electrified, keyboard based unit where almost every sound, sans the percussion (maybe) and the cello is synthetically generated. That being said, this record has a very organic feel to it. We aren't talking about the cyber rock of, say, latter day Heldon, nor is there a Kraftwerk-ien move in sight...instead this is, at times a very quiet, creepy, introspective work (after all, this was meant as a possible soundtrack to the 1926 F.W. Murnau film "Faust") with the occasional high dynamic outburst that just might blow your speakers if you're not careful. These guys (and gal) bring alot of tension and release into their sound so, while on one hand this is a quiet work, it definitely won't put you to sleep. I haven't done this, but I suppose a good headphone listen would be in order. The whole production is very well done, and, especially during the quiet sections there are teeny tiny sounds hidden almost underneath the threshold of hearing that might not make themselves apparent at first. I don't want to say this is an ambient work, it's much more complex musically than your average drone fest, but that element has informed Art Zoyd's music in the 90's. They seem to have gotten more minimalistic and pulse-like as the years have gone by, not a bad thing at all, but it's certainly a far cry from their early more orchestrated acoustic works. So, if you're in the mood for a good soundtrack to the nightmares running though your head Sunday night when you know you have to get up at 5am for work...put this on.