The 4 new episodes of Kim Possible from Season 4.. 

all the episodes are in good quality.. 

Enjoy watching them 

Ill Suited 

When Ron overhears Kim saying that she wants to 'trade up' on boyfriends,but she is actually talking about something else. Ron 'borrows' Kim's super suit and uses it to make quarter back on the Middleton High School football team. Kim is impressed, but freaked out on Ron's success on the team. Meanwhile, after Dementor learns of Kim's super suit in a first hand experience, he steals its technology and uses it against Kim and Ron. Kim eventually finds out that Ron took it just as Dementor catches up with them 

The Big Job 

When Señor Senior Junior breaks Shego out of prison to help him get his father a great birthday present, they decide to steal an ancient, priceless book. When Kim stops them, they decide to go to a seemingly unreachable place to steal a pre-Incian paperweight, but Kim again stops them. In a last effort, they decide to kidnap the five richest men in the world, all of which are already at Junior's house for a card game with his father. Back in Middleton, Kim is angry at Ron for using coupons on all of their dates, so they both get jobs. Kim gets a job at Club Banana while Ron gets one at Smarty Mart. 

Trading Faces 

When several famous women get accused of robbery, Kim and Ron investigate. They meet Camille Leon, an heiress to a large fortune who always seems to be at the same place as all the robberies. The only thing that stumps them is that cameras clearly show that the women were the robbers. Jim and Tim get into the story and tell Kim that Camille might be a shape-shifter. This is confirmed by Jim and Tim when they visit a doctor that performed plastic surgery on her. He uses nanomorphing, his word for shape-shifting. In the end, Kim shuts down Camille's plans and she is arrested. Back in Middleton, the Tweebs arrival as high school freshmen takes a toll on Kim's social status. 

The Cupid Effect 

When Wade falls for Monique, Ron offers him some advice on how to impress her, but it backfires. Wade takes it into his own hands and invents a device called a Cupid Ray to make Monique fall head over heels for him. Unfortunately, Señor Senior Sr. oversees Wade using it and steals the plans for it. He and Junior use it to make women all over the world fall in love with Junior, making them their slaves to control however they please. Wade and Ron stop them while Kim and Monique are hypnotized.