There is no discogs entry for this release as yet:

Phil Collins - In The Air Tonight (Stan Kolev Remix).mp3 [8.27]

19.3MB

320KBps

RR1000 : Label started and run in early 2003 by Release Records, Toronto, Canada, to release semi-illicit remixes of popular songs by underground artists. Each release is limited to 1000 copies only.

Stan Kolev is a US Progressive House DJ and Producer, originating from Sofia in Bulgaria. I am ever so impressed with this extremely talented name in the field of House music, and have been absolutely caning his very recent release entitled "Disclosure".

You can find more information on the artist at the following locations:
 
http://www.stankolev.com/
 
http://www.myspace.com/stankolev


Enjoy and please seed.


themagicke

 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/themagicke

 
http://www.darksiderg.com/

---------------------


'They' took down the Pink Palace... and I wept... oh how I wept; it was as if a member of my immediate family had died.

And now 'they' wage a war against our much loved Demonoid, which has been one of my homes for many years under various guises.

It took only 34 days and no more than 50 torrents in my new schedule that commenced in September 2007 to achieve over ONE MILLION hits.

I had never before witnessed over 400 concurrent and adamant seeders supporting one of my single track music releases. I thank you all for your consideration, encouragement and appreciation.

The new schedule reached a count of 69 torrents, and then we were ever so rudely interrupted with the recent inconveniences served upon Demonoid. Alas, all that constituted my new schedule has been undone.

No matter... we will simply start again.

We will bear patience. We will keep the faith. Demonoid will return.

In the meanwhile, I cannot but help post a torrent or two under the public trackers available. I do this for the love of the people's love for distinctly excellent electronic production, and for many other reasons.

If I can bring joy to the hearts of tens of thousands of people every week... why, in the name of all things good, would I stop..?


themagicke