DVD X Utilities v1.5.5.0

DVD X Utilities is an all-in-One innovative and unique suite covering the full spectrum of DVD video software. The cutting-edge function aggregate leverages your traditional DVD utilizing ways. With this comprehensive set of tools, you can release a region-blocked DVD drive or player, play DVDs without region & Macrovision limitation, backup a copyright-protected DVD movie and easily author your own favorite music DVD discs, and you even can make those third party DVD playback/backup software region-free and CSS-free.



DVD Copy Tools:
 
A DVD movie backup software to protect you against DVD disc lost or damage. Without warning and water-mark, the copied disc possesses 1:1 perfect audio & video quality as the original DVD and is playable on PC and home DVD player. It supports whole disc/main movie only/customized/split disc copy, compatible with all popular DVD media and dual-layer DVD burner. 
 
DVD X Player:
 
The first region-free software DVD player in the world. You can play all regions DVD on all DVD drives even if you have changed the region code 5 times. Integrating all functions of a standard DVD player, it also provides you with enhanced functions. It supports S/PDIF output of DTS signals, DVD record, bookmark, image capture, play media file, play main movie only and region code setting that a common DVD player cannot fulfill. 
 
DVD Ghost: 

A utility working with DVD playback/copy software to remove copyright and region limitation. It makes your normal DVD playback/copy software restriction-free and allows you to copy copyright-protected DVD movies to hard disk. Through this software your player will be able to play all regions DVD on all DVD drives. 

Audio DVD Maker: 

An audio file converter and music DVD creator for you to stay far away stacks of CD. You can convert most popular audio file, burn them to DVD disc or output to hard disk; record or rip audio track from multi-media file; add image and lyric as playback background to author your own music DVD.