Various Artists - Stoned Immaculate: The Music of the Doors

[IMG]http://img455.imageshack.us/img455/2926/cover5fw.jpg[/IMG]

size:             131 mb
bitrate:         256
 
 More fun than any tribute album has a right to be, Stoned Immaculate is clearly a labor of love that manages to embrace the spirit of the Doors without regressing into parading a line of Jim Morrison impersonators through the studio. Much credit goes to producer Ralph Sall, who--in addition to setting up collaborations between the surviving Doors and an array of artists from John Lee Hooker to Days of the New--also breaks out the beats and samples to create a few "new" Doors tracks. While Sall is no Fatboy Slim (despite the winking nod to "Bird of Prey" during the fadeout of "Under Waterfall"), his reconstructions add texture and variety, especially when the late William Burroughs steps up to the mic. But the true highlights here are the more organic collaborations: the three remaining Doors backing Bo Diddley and Ian Astbury; an unexpectedly great "Love Me Two Times" from Aerosmith; and Stone Temple Pilots helping Kreiger and Manzarek "Break on Through" even harder on a track that threatens to transcend the original. Hell, even the weaker contributions beat out Jose Feliciano. Come to think of it, if the Doors are still auditioning Morrison replacements (Kevin Coyne and Howard Werth no longer being available), STP's Weiland, Creed's Stapp, or the Cult's Astbury all acquit themselves well enough here to warrant an offer. -- Bill Forman

Various Artists / Stoned Immaculate: The Music Of The Doors
Label: Elektra/Asylum
Year: 2000
Track Title	
1. Break On Through -- Stone Temple Pilots	 
2. Riders On The Storm -- Creed	 
3. Light My Fire -- Train	 
4. Peace Frog -- Smash Mouth	 
5. L.A. Woman -- Days Of The New	 
6. Love Me Two Times -- Aerosmith	 
7. Under Waterfall -- The Doors	 
8. Wild Child -- The Cult	 
9. Roadhouse Rap -- Jim Morrison	 
10 .Roadhouse Blues -- Jim Morrison/John Lee Hooker	 
11. Is Everybody In -- William S. Burroughs	 
12. Hello I Love You -- Oleander	 
13. Touch Me -- Ian Astbury	 
14. Children Of Night -- Farrell, Perry & Exene	 
15. Love Her Madly -- Bo Diddley	 
16. The Cosmic Movie -- The Doors	 
17. The End -- Days Of The New