Re: Terence McKenna - AUDIO Tue, November 28, 2006 - 7:19 AM 
I've posted 13 McKenna talks so far in my Psychedelic Salon podcasts. Last week Ralph Abraham gave me a big box of tapes from trialogues he did with Terence and Rupert Sheldrake from 1989 through 1998. It is over 50 hours of material, and I'll begin posting them on my podcast this week. 

You can find links to most of the McKenna talks I've posted so far at: 

www.matrixmasters.com/pn/Misc...999.html

Lorenzo 


-----------------------------------

This torrent consists of 12 "Trialogues" with Terence McKenna, Ralph Abraham and Rupert Sheldrake.  These are podcasts from Palenque Norte's Psychedelic Salon: http://www.matrixmasters.com/pn/ They are up to date as of May 6th 2007, but check in every weekend for new podcasts and more from the Trialogues tapes: 
http://www.matrixmasters.net/blogs/?cat=20


-----------------------------------

(the following text is from the product description for the Trialogue book 'The Evolutionary Mind' on Amazon.com)

Stimulating and often startling discussions between three friends, all highly original thinkers: Rupert Sheldrake, controversial biologist, Terence McKenna , psychedelic visionary, and Ralph Abraham , chaos mathematician. Their passion is to break out of paradigms that retard our evolution and to explore new possibilities. Through challenge and synergy they venture where few have gone before, leading their readers on an exciting journey of discovery. Their discussions focus on the evolution of the mind, the role of psychedelics, skepticism, the psychic powers of animals, the structure of time, the life of the heavens, the nature of God, and transformations of consciousness.

"Three fine thinkers take us plunging into the universe of chaos, mind, and spirit. Instead of leaving us lost, they bring us back with startling insights and more wonder than we knew we had." -Matthew Fox, Original Blessing and Sheer Joy

"A jam-session of the mind, an intellectual movable feast, an on-going conversation that began over twenty years ago and remains as lively and relevant today as it ever was. Sadly, Terence had to leave the conversation a little earlier than planned. But the appearance of this book of trialogues at this critical, historical juncture is a reaffirmation of the potency of the optimistic vision that the trialogues express." -Dennis McKenna, brother of the late Terence McKenna

Rupert Sheldrake is a biologist and author of many books including The Sense of Being Stared At, And Other Aspects of the Extended Mind. Ralph Abraham is a mathematician, one of the pioneers of chaos theory and the author of several books including Chaos, Gaia, Eros: A Chaos Pioneer Uncovers the Three Great Streams of History. The late Terence McKenna was a scholar of shamanism, ethno-botanist, psychedelic researcher and author of many books including Food of the Gods and True Hallucinations.

