Thomas Banacek is a clever and well-to-do insurance investigator living in Boston. He makes good money by solving the most intricate and unusual mysteries, and is very proud of his Polish heritage. His contacts include his street-smart chauffeur Jay and British bookstore owner Felix.

--------------XviD--------------

Season 1, Episode 1: Let's Hear It for a Living Legend
Original Air Date: 13 September 1972
When a football player vanishes from the field in full view of network cameras and a live audience, it's up to Banacek to figure out how his kidnappers spirited him away without a trace.

Season 1, Episode 2: Project Phoenix
Original Air Date: 27 September 1972
The multi-million dollar Phoenix, prototype for a revolutionary new car, disappears from a non-stop train en route to Boston - flat-car included. Banacek is called in to find the missing vehicle before a huge insurance claim must be paid.

Season 1, Episode 3: No Sign of the Cross
Original Air Date: 11 October 1972
A golden cross, on it's way from a Mexican church to an American gangster anxious to reform his image, turns into worthless junk without ever leaving the possession of the couriers sent to deliver it. Banacek must figure out where and how the switch was pulled off.

Season 1, Episode 4: A Million the Hard Way
Original Air Date: 1 November 1972
Banacek must figure out who stole a million dollars from a supposedly tamper-proof display case.

Season 1, Episode 5: To Steal a King
Original Air Date: 15 November 1972
A king's ransom in precious coins vanishes from a hotel-suite vault while the owners sleep only a few feet away. Banacek arrives to figure out how the impossible to open vault was so easily breached without a sign left behind.

Season 1, Episode 6: Ten Thousand Dollars a Page
Original Air Date: 10 January 1973
When a priceless book vanishes from a sealed display case in a room that no thief could possibly escape, it's up to Banacek to show how someone beat the supposedly foolproof alarms to make off with the artifact.

Season 1, Episode 7: The Greatest Collection of Them All
Original Air Date: 24 January 1973
Banacek figures out how $23 million worth of paintings vanished from a moving truck transporting them from New York to Boston.

Season 1, Episode 8: The Two Million Clams of Cap'n Jack
Original Air Date: 7 February 1973
Just before Cap'n Jack's seafood restaurant franchise is set to go public, millions of dollars in stock certificates are stolen from a non-stop elevator, leaving Banacek to find them before someone walks through walls with a fortune.