Playtime Pantyhose - Teanna Kai (fetish)



Direct screens:
 
http://www.imageblues.com/out.php/i45_3.jpg
 
http://www.imageblues.com/out.php/i44_2.jpg
 
http://www.imageblues.com/out.php/i43_1.jpg





Playtime is proud to present the gorgeous 25-year-old Asian Doll, Teanna Kai in PPV #682. 
She does her best to tease you in her first ever pantyhose video. 

Taglines:
`Asian Adult Film Star. Schoolgirl PH Action! Super PH Crotch in Face Views! Black, Tan & Shiny White PH. This Sexy Tease gets off knowing you are Jerking it Hard just for her!`


Description:

Scene 1:
Teanna enters the room in a dark red mini dress; 6\" open toed slides and taupe sheer pantyhose with light re-enforced toes. She lets you see she forget her panties as you take a look up her dress. Shoes off, skirt up, she asks if she can rub her size 5 feet on your cock! A nice over the camera poses as she gazes into your eyes before losing the dress to pose in just the pantyhose and a red 36C lace bra. Teanna gives you every angle she can think of while meekly verbally teasing you. Under and over the hose pussy play before she peels down the pantyhose to get a good rub on her naked trimmed moist pussy. Whew! 


Scene 2:
`School girl` Teanna has on shiny white control top pantyhose under her plaid skirt that she cannot wait to show you. She is a little turned on knowing you are watching as she continues the over the crotch panel play. Little white lace top ankle socks get placed under your nose as she lays back and coaxes you to stroke your cock for her. The sight of her towering right above you while jacking hard and fast. Stripping down to just those sexy pantyhose she, again, plunges her hand inside them so you can come together. Nice! 


Scene 3: 
Teanna is ready for a night on the town in her short, tight mini dress, black patent leather pumps and black light control top pantyhose. She knows you have one more load for her as she begins to tease it out of you. Great up shots and nylon covered foot close-ups as she continues with the under the hose play. Crystal clear pantyhose views as she strips down again to just pantyhose and she trusts her crotch into your face. As she discards her hose she makes you both explode as her totally wet lips are exposed. Great tape with an absolute pantyhose Goddess who knows what to say to get you off. Full Nudity, and light masturbation with sexy hot talk


Duration:  71 mins.
Format:  .avi
Resolution:  640 x 480




