Psychedelic Science

                   By Bill Eagles

                 -------------------

      Psychedelic Science was broadcast on     [programme notes]
      27th February 1997.

             --------------------------------------------------

                          Programme Notes                       [Image]

     In the late 1960s, human experiments with psychedelic drugs were
     brought to a halt. Government reacted to the anarchy of the hippy
     counter-culture. The drug-crazed Charles Manson slayings came to
     symbolise public fear of the street use of LSD. Funding ceased,
     and the few researchers who battled on were ostracised. But lost
     in the blanket ban were remarkable research projects in the field
     of psychiatry that held out new hope for the treatment of
     schizophrenia and alcoholism. Bill Eagles' extraordinary film
     tells the story of a handful of dedicated scientists who have
     struggled to make psychedelic research respectable again.

     In the USA, psychiatrists Rick Strassman and Charles Grob, and
     neuroscientist Deborah Mash each quietly began investigations with
     unknown psychedelic compounds, to avoid the alarm bells of LSD.
     Strassman pursued the Federal Drug Administration for permission
     to do safety trials of DMT. Mash works on treating cocaine
     addicts, achieving success with Ibogaine, a psychedelic derived
     from a West African plant. Their success hinges on the patient
     having a 'peak' experience, entering the realm of the mystical or
     religious. The early researchers had spotted this. Now it was
     dramatically reinforced by unique new evidence from Brazil.

     Unable to work in the USA, Grob visited Brazil to track down the
     ritual use of Ayahuasca, a leaf rich in the powerful DMT. For
     centuries it has been used amongst the shamans of the Amazon. But
     today, in urban Brazil, tens of thousands of men, women and
     children are taking the drug as part of an ecstatic Christian cult
     experience. The Brazillian Government asked Grob to look at
     long-term damaging effects of the drug. Instead, he found no
     evidence of toxicity or brain damage, and also that long-term
     users functioned better in their community. In 1992 Brazil
     legalised ritual use of Ayahuasca. The FDA took careful note.

     Then in the early 1990s, leading lights of the US computer
     industry began admitting that many breakthroughs in Silicon Valley
     in the 70s and 80s had been inspired by regular psychedelic drug
     use. Nobel Prizewinner Kary Mullis, and founding father of
     Microsoft, Bob Wallace, reveal on camera the psychedelic influence
     on their creativity. This anecdotal evidence raised support for
     the psychedelic researchers. Now Strassman has received approval
     from the FDA for research into LSD itself.

     But it is a delicate moment for the new psychedelic science. Its
     power to treat some of the worst ailments of society has now been
     recognised. Yet fears of the excesses of the 1960s are still
     strong. In Japan the Aum Shinrikyo cult is believed to have used
     psychedelics to brainwash its members before the Tokyo subway gas
     attack. Among high-school leavers, use of psychedelics is rapidly
     increasing - and strange new drugs are appearing on thestreets.
     The scientists and drug regulators know there is a knife-edge
     between hope for new treatments and unleashing a whirlwind.