Web publishing for everyone
Macromedia Contribute 3 redefines web publishing, making it an activity open to everybody, every day. Contribute 3 lets everyone in an organization publish to websites and bring them alive with up-to-date information.

Create and Update
Contribute 3 is familiar to users of Microsoft Office applications and requires no technical expertise. Powered by the same market-leading technology as Macromedia Dreamweaver, there is no easier way to keep web content current and relevant.

Easy to use.
Publish to the web in three simple steps: Browse to the page that needs updating, edit it, and click Publish—it's done. The intuitive, visual environment offers point-and-click simplicity—no more complicated forms to make simple updates. Grow your small business using professionally designed Starter Pages and PayPal Merchant Tools for e-commerce to enhance the value of your website.

Extend documents to the web.
Quickly link any document to a website or copy and paste from Microsoft Office while keeping text formatting and HTML code standards intact. Macromedia FlashPaper 2 for Mac OS and Windows converts any file into a fast-loading, accessible Flash document with full text search and selection. Plus, the Windows version of FlashPaper can create Adobe PDF files.

Design and develop without limits.
Because Contribute 3 is compatible with HTML standards and offers advanced support for CSS, web professionals can use their current skills to build Contribute-compatible websites. With new Shared Assets, common page elements can be centrally deployed to Contribute users. Contribute 3 also expands publishing capabilities beyond text updates with new inline image editing and video insertion features.



Collaborate and Control
Contribute 3 makes distributed web publishing a reality, allowing content publishers and web developers to work together efficiently. Tight Dreamweaver integration and enhanced administrative controls provide an integrated system suited to organizations large and small. 

Worry-free website updates.
Now website administrators can control who can edit and who can publish. The flexible approval system allows edited web pages to be reviewed before publishing and includes a Draft Console that summarizes the status of work in progress. Groups can work together safely using built-in versioning, one-click rollback, and page locking to prevent accidental overwrites. 

Easy, powerful administration.
Website administrators can exercise direct, comprehensive control using publishing roles for named users and groups. New editing permissions can specify the location of dependent files, as well as the size and quality of images. Enhanced controls for CSS and support for Dreamweaver templates protect the integrity of page layout and design.

Frictionless Dreamweaver integration.
Contribute 3 ensures design standards are met, functionality is maintained, and code is protected—allowing non-technical contributors to update technically advanced sites safely. Contribute 3 also offers web professionals new direct source editing in external editors. Used together with Contribute 3, Dreamweaver MX 2004 provides integrated administrative controls for most Contribute-enabled websites.



Integrate and Deploy
Contribute 3 revolutionizes web publishing without requiring new infrastructure or website redesigns. It works with existing HTML websites, standard development tools, and enterprise systems—providing a safe, cost-effective answer for organizations of all sizes.

Unlock web publishing everywhere.
Contribute 3 can be easily deployed across an entire organization. MSI installer technology allows direct deployment to desktops throughout the enterprise. Encrypted connection keys automatically connect users by e-mail, and Contribute Publishing Services provides central management of site connections and integration with Active Directory and LDAP user directories.

Standards-based.
Contribute 3 enables web publishing in almost any computing environment and can be used to edit any HTML website. Content is cross-browser compatible and can easily be made Section 508–compliant for accessibility. New direct editing supports file-based content and learning management systems. High-speed, secure site connections are possible with new WebDAV support in addition to SFTP, FTP, and LAN.

Customization and extensibility.
Contribute 3 provides robust client-side and server-side extensibility. The JavaScript and XML client extensibility layer can be extensively configured and deployed to meet custom needs. The new web services–based notification system enables server-side extension development and powers the logging, e-mail, and notification features of Contribute Publishing Services.


Learn more by going to the Macromedia.com website!

Oh, and keep seeding :)