David Allen Coe - 11 X-Rated Greats

Tracks:

1)  The Asshole Song
2)  Cum Stains on the Pillow
3)  Dear Penis
4)  I Just Want to Fuck You One More Time
5)  I Made Linda Lovelace Gag
6)  Fuckin' in the Butt
7)  Pick'em, Lick'em Stick'em
8)  Little Susie Shallow Throat
9)  Masterbation Blues
10) The Rodeo Song
11) Nigger Fucker


David Allen Coe BIO:
A life-long renegade, singer/songwriter David Allan Coe was one of the most colorful 
and unpredictable characters in country music history. One of the pioneering artists 
of the outlaw country movement of the '70s, he didn't have many big hits -- only 
three of his singles hit the Top Ten -- but he was among the biggest cult figures in 
country music throughout his career. Born in Akron, OH, Coe first got into trouble 
with the law at age nine. As a result, he was sent to reform school. For the next 20 
years, he never spent more than a handful of months outside of a correctional 
facility -- he spent much of his twenties in the Ohio State Penitentiary. Released 
from prison in 1967, the wild-haired, earring-wearing, heavily tattooed Coe went 
straight for Nashville, where he lived in a hearse that he parked in front of the old 
Ryman Auditorium, the home of the Grand Ole Opry. Although he didn't conform to 
Nashville's professional standards, he soon gained the attention of the independent 
label Plantation Records, which released his debut album, Penitentiary Blues, in 
1968. Followed within a year by a second volume, all of the songs on these albums 
were based on his prison experiences. Coe then toured with Grand Funk Railroad, a 
signal that he drew as much from rock's traditions as he did from country. Soon, he 
began performing in a rhinestone suit given to him by Mel Tillis, as well as a Lone 
Ranger mask, and began calling himself the "Masked Rhinestone Cowboy." Coe's concerts 
became notorious for their unpredictability -- frequently he would roar up on-stage 
astride his enormous Harley, swearing at the audience. He cultivated a large cult 
following with his act, but he couldn't break into the mainstream. However, other 
artists found success with his songs -- in 1972, Billie Jo Spears had a minor hit 
with his "Souvenirs & California Mem'rys," and in 1973, Tanya Tucker had a number one 
hit with Coe's "Would You Lay With Me (In a Field of Stone)." After Tucker's hit, Coe 
suddenly became one of Nashville's hottest songwriters; some of the biggest country 
artists -- including Willie Nelson, George Jones, and Tammy Wynette -- recorded his 
tunes, leading to his own contract with Columbia Records. Coe's first two singles for 
Columbia didn't come close to the country Top 40, but his 1975 cover of Steve 
Goodman's "You Never Even Called Me by My Name" cracked the Top Ten. Although a 
string of moderate hits followed, he rarely cracked the country Top 40, although in 
1977 Johnny Paycheck took Coe's "Take This Job and Shove It" to number one. During 
his 13-year association with Columbia, Coe released 26 albums, including the 
double-album set For the Record: The First 10 Years (1984), 1986's Son of the South 
(featuring Willie, Waylon, Jessi Colter, and other "outlaws"), and the highly 
regarded A Matter of Life and Death (1987). Although Coe had a successful career, it 
was one plagued with many setbacks. The conservative Nashville music industry 
frequently snubbed him and he had tax problems with the IRS; at one time, they seized 
his Key West home, and he went to live in a Tennessee cave until he got back on his 
feet. Toward the end of the '80s, Coe remarried and began to settle down. Throughout 
the '90s, he was a popular concert attraction in America and Europe. In addition to 
his musical career, he also acted in a few movies, including The Last Days of Frank 
and Jesse James. He also published a novel, -Psychopath, and an autobiography. The LP 
Recommended for Airplay was issued in 1999. The new millennium saw the release of 
Long Haired Country Boy in 2000; Songwriter of the Tear appeared on Cleveland the 
following year. ~ Sandra Brennan, All Music Guide