Discover NEW Nero 7 Premium Reloaded, the ultimate PC and home entertainment solution, featuring 20 applications in one attractively-priced, Windows Vista Ready media suite. Enjoy all your favorite songs with unlimited MP3 encoding support. Turn your mobile devices into full feature-rich portable media centers. Stay connected with free phone calls via the Internet. Burn all types of content onto CDs and DVDs in a wide range of formats including Blu-ray and HD DVD data recording. And as always, Nero offers free monthly updates to keep you current with state-of-the-art digital technology!

Many more new features have been added to the applications in Nero 7 Premium Reloaded including burning support in Nero Home, VAT support that lets you use write-once and rewritable CDs like an external hard drive, professional Smart3D menu templates with unique themes, and a variety of new music mixing features with Nero SoundTrax and Nero WaveEditor. 

Some highlight applications of Nero 7 Premium Reloaded include:
Nero Mobile ? Media Center for Mobile Devices

Nero Mobile is the consummate media center for your mobile devices. Transform your mobile phone, PDA, PMP, and other handheld or portable devices into feature-rich mobile entertainment devices. Watch videos on the train, view photos at work, listen to music at the gym, and enjoy all your digital media files wherever you go!
Nero Sipps ? Free VoIP Telephony

Nero Sipps is your gateway to worldwide communication and is the Voice over IP solution that facilitates communication. Nero Sipps supports telephony, chat, and instant messaging and also offers the option of video calls. The functions are complimented by buddy and contact lists, an answering machine, and the option of importing contacts. Nero Sipps has a user-friendly design and is perfect for computer novices and experts alike.
Nero Burning ROM ? Expert CD and DVD Burning

Nero Burning ROM is the world?s definitive burning software program. Award-winning, industry-approved, and trusted, Nero Burning ROM lets you burn digital data, music, and video files to CD or DVD in the highest professional standards. Nero Burning ROM is the most powerful burning engine in history and has maximized ease of use, efficiency, and speed to let you burn professional-quality CDs and DVDs.

Now Nero Burning ROM brings you into the next generation of disc data recording with Blu-ray and HD DVD support. Both technologies provide multisession writing, enhanced UDF mode settings, and data compilations readable on every open source file.  


for more info visit www.nero.com/nero7/eng/Products.html


tracked by:-
Group 1 :http://tpb.tracker.thepiratebay.org/announce

Group 2 :http://tracker.sladinki007.net:6500/announce

Group 3 :http://www.torrent-downloads.to:2710/announce 

Group 4 :http://tracker.bitebbs.com:6969/announce

Group 5 :http://tpb.tracker.prq.to:80/announce

Group 6 :http://tracker.prq.to:80/announce