                       -----------------------------------
                       Formerly posted to Demonoid (RIP)
                      -----------------------------------

Frank Zappa - QuAUDIOPHILIAc (2004)

Barking Pumpkin Records - September 14, 2004

File Size - 2.32G Sound Formats -  dts Surround & Stereo (Audio w/ Still Menus) Tracker - Demonoid Ripper - Clone DVD Test Burn - Nero 7 Ultra: Recode

1. "Naval Aviation in Art?"
2. "Lumpy Gravy"
3. "Rollo"
4. "Drooling Midrange Accountants on Easter Hay"
5. "Wild Love"
6. "Ship Ahoy"
7. "Chunga Basement"
8. "Venusian Time Bandits"
9. "Waka/Jawaka"
10. "Basement Music #2"

Frank Zappa: Guitar & Vocals Arranger/Conductor
Adrian Belew: Guitar
Terry Bozzio: Drums & Vocals
Mike Altschul: Bass Clarinet, Bass Flute, Piccolo, Bass Saxophone & Tenor Saxophone
Napoleon Murphy Brock: Vocals
Max Bennett: Bass Guitar
Billy Byers: Trombone & Baritone Horn
Alex Dmochowski: Bass Guitar
George Duke: Keyboards
Aynsley Dunbar: Drums
Roy Estrada: Bass Guitar
Tom Fowler: Bass Guitar
Andre Lewis: Keyboards
Ed Mann: Percussion
Sal Marquez: Trumpet & Flugelhorn
Tommy Mars: Keyboards & Vocals
Patrick O'Hearn: Bass Guitar
Kenny Shroyer: Trombone & Baritone Horn
Chester Thompson: Drums
Ian Underwood: Keyboards

Frank Zappa: Producer, Engineer & Mixing
Dweezil Zappa: Producer & Engineer
Gail Zappa: Executive Producer & Art direction
Stephen Marcussen: Mastering
Art Kelm: Technical Support

My Notes: Music - This is one awesome showcase for Zappa's techinical achievements. The songs are great, that's a given but to record and mix them in quadrophic sound
with the calrity and presicion of these recordings represent is astounding. Especially in context of the timframe.

Playback - The stereo track should play on any computer. I use onboard sound and it plays perfectly.

The dts surround track however will only be heard on a comps with a high end sound card. You need to burn this onto a DVD and load it into a home theater system. I did
a test burn and it played just fine. Keep in mind dts is where it's at. If you are a home theater enthusiast you already know what I'm talking about ;-) This is a very
warm sounding album and the dts really drives that home. Excellent channel separation and very, very clear. Decent bass but not too much puch.

Enjoy!

Notes from Music Tap:

*****

WOW!

That?s really all that can be said about this one. In fact, this release is so inspired; it will be my first 5-star review. This is essential music.

Quaudiophiliac  is a compilation of recordings, some previously unreleased, that were created in  Quad  or 4-way sound.  Quadraphonic audio  never garnered the sort of
attention that modern day 5.1 surround has but Frank Zappa, always the trailblazer, began recording in the medium as early as 1970.

It is amazing to listen to the breath and scope of these pieces, from the symphonic grandeur of  Naval Aviation In Art?  to the basement jam (literally) of  Chunga
Basement . In the case of the latter, it was recorded in the basement of Zappa?s legendary studio, the Utility Muffin Resource Kitchen live to 4 tracks. Yes, live. Fans
of jam bands take note; this is the real deal.

If you are a dedicated Zappa guitar freak, this album is most certainly for you as you can bathe yourself in the light of Frank?s intoxicating solos. What a thrill it
is to hear Frank go for the throat on  Rollo  while sitting in the middle of it! In the case of  Chunga Basement , it is almost like listening in on a band rehearsal.
 Venusian Time Bandits  features outlandish lead guitar sounds that sound like they are coming from, well, Venus! Check out Zappa playing some jazzy sounding rhythm
guitar on Waka/Jawaka before launching into an ultra hip solo.

The sound quality of this album, while coming from differing sources is remarkable. Considering that the recording dates span the years of 1970 to 1978, the overall
consistency of the album is notable. While Frank Zappa himself mixed the original ?quad? recording, Dweezil Zappa is to be commended for selecting, sequencing and
mixing this material to 5.1; it is a job well done! And I must say that I wholeheartedly agree with his liner notes; the track  Rollo  IS bitchin?!

 I cannot praise this album enough; it truly is an example of pure genius at work. Let?s hope the Zappa Family Trust and DTS, keep pulling things out of THAT vault!
 
http://www.musictap.net/Reviews/ZappaFrankQuaudiophiliacDVDA.html

Notes from Wikipedia:

QuAUDIOPHILIAc is a compilation album featuring music by Frank Zappa, released on DVD-Audio format in 2004 by the Zappa Family Trust. It compiles recordings he made
while experimenting with "quadraphonic", or four-channel, sound in the 1970s. Produced by Zappa, and completed by his son, Dweezil Zappa, it is his first foray into
surround sound formatted music. Zappa prepared quadraphonic mixes of a number of his 1970s albums, which were left unreleased without a suitable format available on
which to realize them, and QuAUDIOPHILIAc was billed as the first in a series of releases to feature this material.

Several of the tracks present on QuAUDIOPHILIAc were previously unreleased, or were only available in edited form. The recordings date from as early as 1970, with
"Chunga's Basement", a version of the title track from Chunga's Revenge (1970). Also included are three tracks from the 1975 Royce Hall, UCLA concerts with the
Abnuceals Emuukha Electric Orchestra which would become Orchestral Favorites (1979).

More Notes: http://www.jambase.com/headsup.asp?storyID=5543
 
http://www.zappa.com

----------------------- 
Enjoy!
'Ima' (aka Hyper_Pete)
-----------------------