Loose Change Final Cut is the third and final release of the documentary, drawing upon our experience and research since the release of Loose Change 2nd Edition.

The Final Cut will be substantially different in content and presentation, but will remain true to the spirit that has put Loose Change where it is today.

We have already interviewed dozens of professionals that both agree and disagree with the official version of events, and we are trying to accomplish the fairest documentary possible.

If all goes according to plan, the film should be complete and released by Spring 2007. 

Operation Northwoods

March 13th, 1962. The Joint Chiefs of Staff drew up plans to stage terrorist attacks as a pretext for invading Cuba. 

NASA Boeing 720 Crash
December 4th, 1984. NASA crash lands a Boeing 720 at Edwards Air Force Base, using remote control technology. 

A New Pearl Harbor

September, 2000. The Project for a New American Century, a neo-conservative think tank whose members include Dick Cheney, Donald Rumsfeld, Jeb Bush and Paul Wolfowitz, releases their report entitled ?Rebuilding America?s Defenses.?

In it, they declare that ?the process of transformation, even if it brings revolutionary change, is likely to be a long one, absent some catastrophic and catalyzing event - like a new Pearl Harbor.?

MASCAL
October 24th, 2000. The Pentagon conducts the first of two training exercises called MASCAL, which simulates a Boeing 757 crashing into the building.

Lucky Larry

July 24th, 2001. Larry A. Silverstein, who already owned World Trade Center Building Seven, signs a $3.2 billion dollar, 99-year lease on the entire World Trade Center complex, six weeks before 9-11.

Included in the lease is a $3.5 billion dollar insurance policy specifically covering acts of terrorism.

Put Options

Between September 6th and September 10th, 2001, a series of suspicious put options are placed on American Airlines, United Airlines, and Boeing, three companies that would be deeply affected by the upcoming attacks.

United Airlines was shorted 3,150, four times above average.
Boeing was shorted 27,294, five times above average.
American Airlines was shorted 4,516, eleven times above average.
 
http://www.loosechange911.com/index.htm