Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid were real-life, turn-of-the-century outlaws who, in 1905, packed up their saddlebags, along with Sundance's mistress (a schoolteacher named Etta Place), and left the shrinking American West to start a new life, robbing banks in Bolivia.

According to the movie which opened yesterday at the Penthouse and Sutton Theaters, their decline and fall was the sort of alternately absurd and dreamy saga that might have been fantasized by Truffaut's Jules and Jim and Catherine?before they grew up.

Butch (Paul Newman) is so amiable that it's not until he gets to Bolivia, and is more or less forced to go straight, that he ever brings himself to shoot a man. Sundance (Robert Redford) behaves like the perpetual younger brother. Although confident of his own abilities, he always defers to Butch, whose schemes end in disaster more often than success. Etta (Katharine Ross) is the kind of total woman who can cook, keep house of sorts, seldom grumbles, and, if necessary, will act as third gun.

This is an attractive conceit and much of Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid is very funny in a strictly contemporary way?the last exuberant word on movies about the men of the mythic American West who have outlived their day. Butch and Sundance have the physical graces of classic Western heros, but all four feet are made of silly putty.

When they try to rob a train and blow open its safe, the dynamite charge destroys not only the safe but also the entire baggage car. When they can escape from a posse only by jumping from a high cliff into a raging rapids below, Sundance must admit ruefully that he doesn't know how to swim.

Later, in Bolivia, their first attempt at bank robbery almost fails when they forget a list of Spanish phrases not included in the ordinary tourist's guidebook: "This is a robbery." "Stand against the wall." "Put up your hands." Butch and Sundance are the fall guys of their time and circumstances, and also of their movie.

George Roy Hill (Thoroughly Modern Millie, Hawaii) who directed, and William Goldman, the novelist (Boys and Girls Together) and occasional scenarist (Harper), who wrote the original screenplay, have consciously mixed their genres. Even though the result is not unpleasant, it is vaguely disturbing?you keep seeing signs of another, better film behind gags and effects that may remind you of everything from Jules and Jim to Bonnie and Clyde and The Wild Bunch.

In the center of the movie is a lovely, five-minute montage?done in sepia still photographs of the period?showing Butch, Sundance, and Etta having a brief fling in New York and making the steamer passage to South America. The stills tell you so much about the curious and sad relationship of the three people that it's with real reluctance that you allow yourself to be absorbed again into further slapstick adventures.

There is thus, at the heart of Butch Cassidy, a gnawing emptiness that can't be satisfied by an awareness that Hill and Goldman probably knew exactly what they were doing?making a very slick movie. They play tricks on the audience, by turning a bit of melodrama into a comic blackout, and by taking shortcuts to lyricism as when we get an extended sequence showing Butch clowning on a bicycle for the benefit of Etta backed by full orchestra playing Burt Bachrach's latest. I admire Bachrach but he simply is not Georges Delarue, as Hill is not Truffaut; nor, for that matter, is Goldman.

There are some bothersome technical things about the movie (the camera is all zoom, zoom, zoom) but the over-all production is very handsome, and the performances fine, especially Newman, Redford, and Miss Ross, who must be broadly funny and straight, almost simultaneously. They succeed even if the movie does not.

CAST FOR 'BUTCH CASSIDY AND THE SUNDANCE KID
Paul Newman - Butch Cassidy
Robert Redford - The Sundance Kid
Katharine Ross - Etta Place
Strother Martin - Percy Garris
Henry Jones - Bike Salesman
Jeff Corey - Sheriff Bledsoe
George Furth - Woodcock
Cloris Leachman - Agnes
Ted Cassidy - Harvey Logan
Kenneth Mars - Marshal
Donnelly Rhodes - Macon
Jo Gilbert - Large Woman
Timothy Scott - News Carver
Don Keefer - Fireman
Charles Dierkop - Flat Nose Curry
Francisco Cordova - Bank Manager
Nelson Olmsted - Photographer
Paul Bryar - Card Player #1
Sam Elliott - Card Player #2
Charles Akins - Bank Teller
Eric Sinclair - Tiffany's Salesman

PRODUCTION CREDITS
Lawrence Schiller - Special Effects
Paul Monash - Executive Producer
Dan Striepeke - Makeup
Richard Meyer - Editor
Walter Scott - Set Designer
Jack Martin Smith - Art Director
Michael Moore - Second Unit Director
David Dockendorf - Sound/Sound Designer
Steven Bernhardt - First Assistant Director
Michael McLean - Casting
John C. Howard - Editor
Chester L. Bayhi - Set Designer
Burt Bacharach - Composer (Music Score)
John C. Foreman - Producer
Conrad L. Hall - Cinematographer
William Goldman - Screenwriter
Art Cruickshank - Special Effects
George Roy Hill - Director
Andrew Horvitch - Editor
L.B. Abbott - Special Effects
Hal David - Songwriter
Edith Head - Costume Designer
Philip M. Jefferies - Art Director

AWARDS
Best Actor (win) - Robert Redford - 1970 British Academy Awards
Best Actress (win) - Katharine Ross - 1970 British Academy Awards
Best Cinematography (win) - Conrad L. Hall - 1970 British Academy Awards
Best Direction (win) - George Roy Hill - 1970 British Academy Awards
Best Film (win) - George Roy Hill - 1970 British Academy Awards
Best Editing (win) - John C. Howard - 1970 British Academy Awards
Best Editing (win) - Richard Meyer - 1970 British Academy Awards
Best Screenplay (win) - William Goldman - 1970 British Academy Awards
100 Greatest American Movies (win) - - 1998 American Film Institute
Best Director (nom) - George Roy Hill - 1969 Directors Guild of America
Best Picture - Drama (nom) - - 1969 Golden Globe
Best Screenplay (nom) - William Goldman - 1969 Golden Globe
Best Original Score (win) - Burt Bacharach - 1969 Golden Globe
Best Original Song (nom) - Burt Bacharach - 1969 Golden Globe
Best Original Song (nom) - Hal David - 1969 Golden Globe
Best Cinematography (win) - Conrad L. Hall - 1969 Academy
Best Director (nom) - George Roy Hill - 1969 Academy
Best Original Screenplay (win) - William Goldman - 1969 Academy
Best Picture (nom) - - 1969 Academy
Best Original Score (win) - Burt Bacharach - 1969 Academy
Best Song (win) - Hal David - 1969 Academy
Best Song (win) - Burt Bacharach - 1969 Academy
Best Sound (nom) - David Dockendorf - 1969 Academy


IMDB-link......: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0064115/

Year.............: 1969
Country..........: USA
Audio............: English, German, Spanish
Subtitles........: English, German, Spanish
Video Format.....: widescreen
DVD Source.......: dvd9
DVD Format.......: pal
DVD distributor..:
Program..........: DVDShrink
Bit Rate.........: average


Menus..........: [x] Untouched, intact.
                [ ] Stripped

Video..........: [x] Untouched, intact.
                [ ] Re-encoded

DVD-extras.....: [ ] Untouched, intact.
                [ ] Stripped
                [x] Re-encoded
                [ ] None

DVD-Audio......: [x] Untouched, intact.