Bob Dylan (born Robert Allen Zimmerman, May 24, 1941) is a Grammy, Golden Globe and Academy Award-winning American singer-songwriter, author, musician, and poet who has been a major figure in popular music for five decades. Much of Dylan's most notable work dates from the 1960s, when he became an informal documentarian and reluctant figurehead of American unrest. Some of his songs, such as "Blowin' in the Wind" and "The Times They Are a-Changin'", became anthems of the anti-war and civil rights movements. His most recent studio album, Modern Times, released on August 29, 2006, entered the U.S. album charts at #1, making him, at age 65, the oldest living person to top those charts.

Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits (1967) was the first album released by Bob Dylan after his epic Blonde on Blonde double-LP of May, 1966, and his famed motorcycle accident of that summer. With no activity by Dylan since the end of his recent world tour, and no new recordings on the immediate horizon (the Basement Tapes sessions were still months away if the accepted chronologies are correct), Columbia Records needed new product to continue to capitalize on Dylan's commercial appeal. Hence the appearance of this package, the label's first Dylan compilation, and its first LP release with a $5.98 list price, one dollar more than that of standard releases.

This album also serves as Dylan's de facto singles collection for the 1960s, as all but three of the tracks present, "The Times They Are a-Changin'," "It Ain't Me Babe," and "Mr. Tambourine Man" had been issued at 45 rpm in the United States during the decade, although "Times" made it to #9 as a single release in the United Kingdom. A truncated rock and roll version of "Mr. Tambourine Man" had been a number one hit for The Byrds in the summer of 1965, and Peter, Paul and Mary enjoyed a huge hit with "Blowin' in the Wind" in 1963. The remaining six tracks all made the Billboard Top 40 in 1965 and 1966. Probably the most astounding thing of all concerning this collection is that it documents a time in America when this kind of lyric complexity and philosophic bent could actually become a top ten pop chart hit, "Like a Rolling Stone" and "Rainy Day Women #12 & 35" both going to #2 and "Positively 4th Street" going to #7. The latter track, incidentally, was the only single of the collection not later released on or taken off of an LP, having been recorded during sessions for Highway 61 Revisited.

The cover photograph of Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits was taken by Rowland Scherman at Dylan's November 28, 1965 concert in Washington, D.C. The cover won the 1967 Grammy award for "Best Album Cover, Photography." The original album package also included Milton Glaser's now-familiar "psychedelic" poster depicting Dylan; it would later be disparaged by the burgeoning rock press.

Reaching #10 the US and #3 in the UK, Bob Dylan's Greatest Hits is now certified five times platinum in the US, making it one of his very best selling albums.

When this album was remastered for its 1997 rerelease 30 years later, a slightly longer alternate mix of "Positively 4th Street" was substituted for the original single version.

Track listing

"Rainy Day Women #12 & 35" 
"Blowin' in the Wind" 
"The Times They Are A-Changin'" 
"It Ain't Me Babe" 
"Like a Rolling Stone" 
"Mr. Tambourine Man" 
"Subterranean Homesick Blues" 
"I Want You" 
"Positively 4th Street" 
"Just Like a Woman" 

Released March 27, 1967/ April 7, 1997 
Recorded 1962-1966 
Genre Folk
Rock 
Length 40:21 
Label Columbia Records 
Producer(s) John H. Hammond, Tom Wilson and Bob Johnston 


Enjoy! and please seed..
Ekolb