Did the Apollo missions really achieve NASA\'s aims? This enthralling production presents the flaws in the record of this land mark event in a graphic, dynamic, easy-to-follow way.

What happened on the Moon? examines the problems with rockets and associated technologies as well as the serious dangers-that to date have not been overcome-concerning deep space radiation. Why was faking necessary? Hear what NASA has to say in response to these disturbing findings.

\"Of all history\'s great conspiracy theories ? one of the most enduring, and one with which I have particular sympathy, is concerned with men landing on the Moon. Was it all, as some have reasonably opined, not a lunar touchdown but instead a strikingly recreated stunt on a movie sound stage . . . well away from prying eyes?\"

Quentin Falk The Daily Telegraph

New evidence revealing significant errors in continuity between the Apollo still photos and the \'live\' TV coverage suggests that NASA hoaxed the official record of mankind\'s first visit to the Moon.

These new findings are supported by detailed analysis and the testimony of experts from various disciplines. These include photographer/filmmaker David S Percy ARPS and physicist David Groves PhD. The numerous inconsistencies visible in the images are quite irrefutable.

Recent research indicates that the errors evidenced were deliberately planted by individuals determined to leave clues pointing to the faking of the record of Apollo.

PART 1 Deals with the Apollo still photographs and the TV coverage
PART 2 Looks at the dangers of radiation during deep space travel
PART 3 Explains the problems with rockets and associated technology

During Project Apollo, six highly complex manned craft landed on the Moon, took off and returned to Earth using a relatively low level of technology. An 86% success rate. Since Apollo, twenty-five simple, unmanned craft with increasingly higher levels of technology have attempted to fulfil their missions to Mars. Only seven succeeded.

A mere 28% success rate.

Was Apollo blessed? 
