Various Artists-Pebbles Vol.6-Chicago 1
bit 256
Ripped.From original CD


The first of a pair of Pebbles volumes devoted to the Windy City doesn't feature such noteworthy Chicago bands as the Shadows of Knight. Indeed, the Buckinghams -- who scored a hit with "Kind of a Drag" (not the song that's included) -- are the only famous band on this compilation. However, the album does feature some interesting minor-league bands, some of which were from Chicago and some of which just recorded there (e.g., the Indiana-based Group, Inc.). Selections include the Omens' "Searching" (later recorded by the Pandoras and the Gravedigger V) and Nobody's Children's "Girl, I Need You" (remade by the Third Booth as "I Need Love"), as well as remakes of songs by the Lemon Drops ("I Live in the Springtime"), the Kingsmen ("Long Green"), the Hollies ("I've Been Wrong"), Gene Vincent ("Say Ma, Ma"), and Elvis Presley (a demented version of "Jailhouse Rock"). This is not an essential collection but it should appeal to garage rock completists with a particular interest in this geographical region. Note that the song list printed on the CD cover doesn't match the actual order of songs on the CD itself: the Huns' "Winning Ticket" is the third song; "Come With Me" by the Boyz and "Run Around" by the Cavedwellers are not on the CD; and the final track is a radio station promo.
Tracks
1.	Searching - The Omens
2.	I Love It Baby - The Furniture
3.	Winning Ticket - The Huns
4.	Live In The Springtime - Buzzsaw
5.	I Want Her Back - The Todds
6.	Like A Woman - Group. Inc
7.	Say Ma, Ma - The Pattens
8.	Come With Me - The Boyz
9.	Trip On Out - Haymarket Riot
10.	Long Green - The Delights
11.	Someday Baby - The Untamed
12.	Never Feel The Pain - The Blackstones
13.	Rebel Woman - Dean Carter
14.	I'll Make You Pay - The Shady Daze
15.	You Don't Love Me - Little Boy Blues
16.	Girl, I Need You - Nobody's Children
17.	I've Been Wrong - The Buckinghams
18.	Shadow Of Fear - Last Knight
19.	Run Around - The Cavedwellers
20.	Memorandum - The End
21.	Jailhouse Rock - Dean Carter
22.	Need A Little Lovin' - The Foggy Notions
23.	Something Else - The Haymarket Riot
24.	Please Mr. Sullivan - The Warner Bros