Kung Fu Kids Break Away aka Ping et Pong (1981)

Tout en cherchant sa mère, petit Wong rencontre deux autres gamins des rues de la ville de Chu Chia, et ensemble ils décident de vivre en tant qu'acteurs de Kung Fu sur Rue.

-

In this comical kung fu tale, Huang I Lung portrays San Mao, a wandering orphan who is in search of the mother he never knew, after his father dies in a war and his master is shot to death by enemy soldiers. Before his master's death, San Mao was taught various styles of acrobatic kung fu and uses these skills to showcase his talents on the street for money. While coming to one such town, he encounters a smart-mouthed little beggar named Qu Pu Li, who currently lives with a teenage orphan girl named Zsa Zsa Meng in the forest. When Qu Pu Li and San Mao meet, they don't exactly see eye to eye, but after a chance encounter with a brutal, but clumsy man named Ironhead and some local thugs, San Mao and Qu Pu Li decide to put aside their differences and fight to take Ironhead down. A young man named Chao Chin shows up and orders Ironhead to leave the kids alone and Qu Pu Li is thankful for San Mao's help. As a result, he and Zsa Zsa Meng let San Mao stay at their straw home in the forest until San Mao is ready to leave town. While staying with them, Qu Pu Li and Zsa Zsa Meng warn San Mao to watch his step while he is in the village because it is run by Mr. Chu, a vicious man who wants to control the entire province and Ironhead and his thugs work for Mr. Chu. Not only that, Chao Chin is Mr. Chu's son, but he isn't like his father and the young man develops a crush on Zsa Zsa Meng. Mr. Chu is a dangerous man and he knows rare styles of kung fu and no one has dared to challenge his power. But all of that changes when a mysterious Korean wanderer named Eagle shows up and helps the three Kung Fu Kids when Ironhead and his thugs try to tear down their 'Stunt Show' that they use to perform in the streets to earn money for food, after they refused to pay protection money. Then later, Eagle assassinates an aid for a local general who works with Mr. Chu to control the village and is caught in the process and tortured by Mr. Chu's thugs. The Kung Fu Kids decide to repay their debt to Eagle by helping him escape and together with Chao Chin, the four warriors work on a plan to overthrow Mr. Chu and his syndicate, so that they can restore order and peace to the once corrupted village.  Written by Keno Reeves 
