TV Series: "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" (1997)
Original Air Date: 6 November 2001 (Season 6, Episode 7)

Genre: Action / Drama / Fantasy / Horror (more)

Plot Summary: Sunnydale is alive with the sound of music as a mysterious force causes everyone in town to burst into full musical numbers... (more) 



Review by "djbm150" from IMDB:

Plot (From DVD Case): A demon named Sweet descends upon Sunnydale in search of Dawn, his arrival causing everyone to burst into song and dance - and eventually into flame.

Review: Out of all the episodes of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season Six", this has to be the must see episode. The episode is very similar to what "Xena Warrior Princess" did back in 1997 with the episode 'The Bitter Suite', taking the main character's hidden problems and having them face them through singing. This is the episode of Season Six where everything seems to come to its peak; Buffy begins to come to reality about being torn from heaven by her friends. Willow's growing addiction to magic is creating a gap between her and Tara. Xander and Anya are having doubts about their marriage. Dawn's habits of stealing are getting her in trouble, and Giles believes he is only standing in his slayer's way by staying in America. Plus, Spike's love/hate obsession with Buffy takes a shocking turn in the end.

Aside from being and awesome episode that digs into the character's psychologies, it also has clever and entertaining music. There is a track on this episode that everyone will like. All the actors have wonderful voices, and Joss Whedon writes magnificent lyrics for them to sing to. "Going Through the Motions", "I'll Never Tell", "Under Your Spell", and "Walk Through the Fire" are among the songs which you will hear. The episode is able to use the lyrics of the songs and make them humorous and heartbreaking.

This is a must-see episode for any "Buffy" fan. It is heartbreaking, emotional, funny, and overall well done. After watching 'Once More, With Feeling' you'll agree that "Buffy" is music to your ears.
