CyberFront's first PSP game wasn't here at TGS in person, but it was here in spirit. The game in the works at the Japanese game studio called Kollon is based on an arcade puzzle game of the same name, and video of the PSP version was shown running alongside several arcade cabinets playing the title. 


The title is, very simply, an addictive puzzle game. And we do mean addictive -- on our first play of the arcade game, we were ready to go for hours and take on all comers. The game is a connect-the-colors block game, much like Nintendo's Pokemon Puzzle League (which, in turn, was based on another game whose name escapes us at the moment), but Kollon's little twist on the formula is a good one. Instead of swapping a row of two blocks at a time to connect colors, Kollon has a four-block square to twist blocks left or right. The neat thing about this arrangement is the number of options it presents -- if you have a precariously-built stack of blocks, you can swap blocks off the edge to have them drop down on the blocks below. Also, if you're fast, you can defy gravity by spinning the square 180 or 270 so that the blocks you've spun are still in their original spot before they fall (very handy for dropping blocks out of the middle of towers to make combos.) 
All you have to do is connect a good number of blocks to make them zap away, and you can chain combos together quickly and in an extended string, so the game gets hectic quick while still allowing beginners to make a surprising amount of chaos happen while they're learning. Then there are arrows that connect whole lines of blocks together if you match their color (and be careful to match them up at the right time and in the right direction -- these weapons can be lethal in building big combos, and you won't want to miss the chance to lay a hurt on your opponent.) The game uses three buttons in the arcade game -- spin left, spin right, and raise the blocks up one level (there's also an automatic bump as the clock ticks down in gameplay, but sometimes it pays to get closer to the edge in order to have more blocks to work with.) 

From the TGS video of the work-in-progress PSP version, this simple game brings many of the charms of the arcade game to the portable. The colors, as typical with 2D on PSP, were clean on the TGS trailer and should be much clearer still on the handheld system itself. The game uses the 16x9 screen to spread out some of the more showy elements of the arcade game, with your chosen character and opponent character dotting the screen to express how the gameplay's going. In general, the adorable character design was one of the highlights of the arcade game, and while it's still a small feature, it's a winning one. Multiplayer is also part of the PSP's game doc, although we didn't see any evidence of the share-the-system multiplayer that Sega's puzzler Puyo Pop Fever boasted at E3, which is a bummer. If all goes well, however, we should see wireless LAN and maybe WiFi internet play against other gamers, and as is often the case with puzzle games, this is where Kollon is at its best. 


 
A sample image of KOLLON shows what to expect on PSP  
  



Kollon for PlayStation Portable did not have a notice as far as its completion level, and we expect that the version on display in video form at TGS was still in the prototype stage. However, there may not be much to it as far as bringing the game over to the handheld, and we're hoping to still see this game show up on PSP in the early days of the system. Its international fate is unclear, but we'll check in with the game as it develops to see what chances Kollon has of making it to your neck of the woods. 

