ABI Roboform v6-9-84

Roboform is the top-rated Password Manager and Web Form Filler that completely automates password entering and form filling.
RoboForm was named PC Magazine Editor's Choice, and CNETSoftware of the Year.    RoboForm:
.	Memorizes your passwords and Logs You In automatically.
.	Fills long registration and checkout forms with one click.
.	Encrypts your passwords to achieve complete security.
.	Generates random passwords that hackers cannot guess.
.	Fights Phishing by filling passwords only on matching web sites.
.	Defeats Keyloggers by not using keyboard to type passwords.
.	Backs up your passwords, Copies them between computers.
.	Synchronizes passwords between computers using GoodSync.
.	Searches for keywords in your passwords, notes and Internet.
.	Portable: RoboForm2Go runs from USB key, no install needed.
.	PDA-friendly: sync your passwords to Pocket PC and Palm.
.	Neutral: works with Internet Explorer, AOL/MSN, Firefox.
.	IE 7 and Vista are now supported.

RoboForm is an award-winning automated password manager and web form filler with some serious Artificial Intelligence. This is what it does:
? AutoSave passwords in browser.
? AutoFill passwords to login form.
? Click Login button for you.
? Fill personal info into online forms.
? Save offline passwords & notes.
? Generate Secure Random Passwords.
? Encrypt passwords and personal data using AES, Blowfish, RC6, 3-DES or 1-DES algorithms.
? All personal info is stored on your computer only.
? Take RoboForm with you on USB disk for ultimate portability.
? Sync your passwords and notes to Palm or Pocket PC.
? Backup & Restore, Print your passwords.
? More features: drill down for more.
? It is well-behaved: NO ADWARE, NO SPYWARE.
? Works under Windows as an add-on to IE-based browsers.
? Works with Netscape, Mozilla, Firefox under Windows.

Language:

English (base language)
Chinese, Simplified 80%
Chinese, Traditional 90%
Czech
Danish
Dutch
French
German
Hungarian 50%
Italian
Japanese 90%
Korean 	90%
Lithuanian
Norwegian
Polish
Portuguese (BR)
Russian
Serbian
Spanish
Swedish


Unpack, Run the Install.
Use The Keygen (rf6lic.exe) Keygen Directory
Instruction File: "rf6lic.txt'
By: ZuLuTeaM ┬« 2007