Mankind left Earth 80 years ago in order to build a life on the planet E.D.N. III. Millions of humans left and the colony grew and expanded - then it happened. The Akrids, a bug-like alien race was discovered and the bugs weren't very happy about those people intruding their territory and a devastating war began. The humans didn't have any effective means to defend themselves and had to retreat from the planet. On their way, they discovered that the Akrids hosted the precious thermal energy inside their bodies and suddenly they decided to fight back hard.

On Earth they developed the Vital Suit, a powerful mech-like vehicle that can hold several heavy weapons. They returned to E.D.N. III. and now the fight starts all over again. You play as Wayne, a young lad whose father got killed by an Akrid called "Green Eye". You want revenge so you help a small group of people to cleanse out the Akrid hives always on the lookout for the big boss...

Since it's very cold on the planet, you need thermal energy to survive. In order to get it, you either need to activate Data Posts or destroy things that have it in them like exploding barrels or bugs. The thermal energy you store slowly decreases over time and needs constant replenishing. You also need it to keep your health up. As long as you have enough thermal energy, you will never die.

Also your main objective is always to destroy the next hive, there are several goals in between. For example you destroy a hive and before you move on to the next you get the objective to scout a snow pirate-base in the vicinity. To do all that, you can pick up several different weapons like a rocket launcher, a machine gun or grenades but Wayne can only hold two weapons and one type of grenade at the same time. In addition you sometimes get access to different kinds of Vital Suits to unleash hell in a snow storm.

When you are done avenging your father, you can go online and play in four different game-modes against up to 16 other players. Besides the usual Deathmatch and Team-deathmatch you have "Station Control" and "Fugitive". The goal in "Station Control" is to find and initialize all of the data posts on the map where as in "Fugitive" one player needs to flee from the other players and survive until the time limit reaches zero or he makes enough frags of his own.