Defend the freedom of speech.
The Danish police have banned this appeal from "Rebellion" and tries to remove it from Danish web servers. The newspaper dagbladet Arbejderen (The daily worker) has placed the document on its server and is now being targeted by the police, who demand its removal.
- We will defend the freedom of speech and refuse to remove the document. It's a dangerous step towards censorship and police state methods, if the police and the court start to interfere with what is being printed in the newspapers or placed on the papers internet sites, states the editor Birthe Soerensen.
That?s why the newspaper has placed this site on web servers worldwide and urges others to do likewise. A list of the servers can be seen at www.arbejderen.dk/opror 

Please help us protect the freedom of speech and mirror this site - download the files as zip - please mail us the address of your mirror sites at: webmaster@arbejderen.dk in order the keep the list updated.
 This appeal in English - Appellen på dansk - Esta súplica en español

 >> Mirrorsites * spejling af denne side * sitios del espejo <<

The ?war on terror? threatens us all ? defend freedom of expression, human rights and international solidarity!

Appeal from ?Rebellion? (Denmark) to European movements

The Danish association ?Rebellion? appeals to all European movements for democracy and international solidarity to join it in challenging national anti-terrorist legislations, the ?terrorist list? of the European Union, and the so-called ?international war on terror?.

Through present anti-terrorist legislation, European states have attempted to curb the freedom of expression and the political rights of their citizens, including their right to extend moral and material support to resistance and liberation movements.

In the past year ?Rebellion? has publicly, and in direct conflict with Danish anti-terrorism legislation, transferred substantial funds to the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC). An important criterion for our choice of organizations is that they seek to further secular, democratic, and humanist goals.

The Danish Ministry of Justice and police authorities have as yet not raised criminal charges against ?Rebellion?. In order to further such a step, both the Colombian ambassador to the Nordic countries and vice-president Santos have had talks with officials from the Ministry of Justice and the Minister of Foreign Affairs in Copenhagen.

We appeal to other European organizations to join us in a continuing challenge to European anti-terrorist legislation and the ?terrorist list? of the European Union.

We envisage the following elements in the campaign:

- Collection of funds within each country with list of those willing to stand forward as signatories. It would be inadvisable to open accounts, as these may be subject to seizure.

- A goal of at least 100 signatories and at least 1000 Euro within each participating country should be set. Involving prominent citizens in the initiative would be of great advantage.

- Publication of the initiative within each country when these goals are met, or at whatever time seems appropriate within the national context.

- Conference of all participating organizations to be held in Copenhagen, perhaps in November, where a collective transfer of funds to resistance and liberation movements is announced.

- Publication of a conference manifesto on the so-called ?war on terror?, reiterating solidarity with the international struggle against illegitimate state power and foreign occupation.

We hope that this appeal will be welcomed by your organization, and that the initiative will be taken up and developed in as daring a manner as possible within each national context.


The association ?Rebellion? can be contacted at following postal address:
Foreningen Opror
C/O Blaagaardens Medborgerhus
Blaagaards Plads 3
2200 Copenhagen N
Denmark,
Or at opror@linuxmail.org
Our website is at www.opror.net