by Mark Pollard

2006.01.26
Story: 	

It's an epic story of a bitter rivalry that pits two all-powerful martial arts styles against each other. Hoping to found his own martial arts school, Hsia Wu (Tien Feng) steals a Deadly Palm manual from his master (Wong Ching-ho) at the Jun Wai Security Bureau. However, his wife Pui Yu (Chiu Sam-yin) shames him into abandoning the plan. Yet Hsia Wu's cunning rival Sima Chau (Wong Chun-shun) manipulates the situation for his own gain before Wu can set things right. In the bloody aftermath of a confrontation, the bureau chief and his supporters are slain, Hsia Wu has his kung fu skills are ruined by a palm blast, his face scarred by poisonous darts and with only his infant daughter in hand, he's forced to abandon his pregnant wife (Chiu Sam-yin) in the arms of the victorious and lusty Chau.

Eighteen years later, Chau is the new master of Jun Wai and tasked with a mission to escort a valuable golden seal to the Emperor. Posing as a common sword hero, the righteous Prince Hsu Shun-wu (Ching Yi) agrees to lead the mission, but soon finds himself in a compromising position when he encounters The Silver Fox (Lily Ho), a notorious and beautiful swordswoman intent on stealing the seal with the aid of her two trickster servants. It turns out that she's the daughter of Hsia Wu.

Tension mounts as jealous love for Shun-wu gets in her way of helping her father get revenge on Chau. As the prince struggles with his own feelings and his oath to the security bureau, Chau, armed with the immense power of the Dragon Claws technique and a determination to finish what he started, hunts down Hsia Wu. Ready and waiting in his lair filled with a deadly array of traps is an embittered Hsia Wu with the equally immense power of the Deadly Palm. 

Revenge, palm blasts, poisonous darts, tortured young love, and chivalrous sword heroes locked in mortal combat... it's just another day living in the swordsman's paradise. This is even more true than usual as Hsia Wu's trapped-filled portion of his lair is ironically called "The Paradise." Unfortunately, this isn't a genre-fan's paradise by any means for director Hsu Cheng-hung is still stuck in the old fashioned swordplay mode he displayed previously in Temple of the Red Lotus and The Thundering Sword. It's a place where Fan Mei-sheng breaks out into Chinese opera song, future screen vixen Lily Ho runs around throwing jealous tantrums like a spoiled teenager and Chang Yi is a befuddled and impotent swordsman held back by indecision and the desire for everyone to just get along. Ultimately, there is far more routine soap opera drama than credible swordplay heroics. 

There are all too many miserably unreal moments that one can only laugh at, such as when the escort party blindly gulps down water from a mountain stream where only a few feet upstream, someone is dumping poison in full view. The campy group reaction to this poison is quite humorous as well. I'm still amused just thinking of Tien Feng running around for several minutes with a handful of darts with short streamers attached dangling from his face.