Some people wanted more Mike Patton.. These are his two solo albums! When you listen to them, just remember, 'you asked for it!' =)  Both are listed as 'Experimental / Sound Collage' at AMG, just so you know. Think of Fantomas first album composed entirely with Mike Patton's voice, and you're somewhat near.  Titles:

* 'Adult Themes For Voice' from 1996 in VBR quality
* 'Pranzo Oltranzista' from 1997 in 192 kb/s quality


Adult Themes For Voice
-----------------------------

1. Wuxiapian 		
2. I Killed Him Like a Dog... And He Still Laughed 	 
3. Smog 	 
4. Man in the Lower Left Hand Corner of the Photograph 	
5. Robit Sex (Neon) 	 	 
6. Screams of the Asteroid 	  	 
7. Robit Sex (B/W) 	  	 
8. Porno Holocaust 	  	 
9. Inconsolable Widows in Search of Distraction 	  	 
10. Hurry Up and Kill Me... I'm Cold 	  	 
11. Man Alone in Steambath 	  	 
12. Guinea Pig 1 	  	 
13. Guinea Pig 2 	  	 
14. Guinea Pig 3 	  	 
15. Guinea Pig 4 	  	 
16. Woman With the Skin of the Moon 	  	 
17. Lizad With the Skin of the Moon 	  	 
18. Catheter 	  	 
19. Fix It So the Bruises Don't Show 	  	 
20. Robot Sex (Water Colors) 	  	 
21. Ceremony of Senses, an Alibi in the Red Light District 	  	 
22. Butterfly in a Glass Maze 	  	 
23. Pajama Party Horror 	  	 
24. Leper With the Face of a Baby Girl 	  	 
25. One Armed Vs. 9 Killers 	  	 
26. Pillow Bitter 	  	 
27. Raped on a Bed of Sand 	  	 
28. Violence 	  	 
29. Red Mouth, Black Orgasm 	  	 
30. Wuxiapian Fantastique 	  	 
31. Smile, a Slap in the Face, a Fart, a Kiss on the Mouth 	  	 
32. Private Lessons on Planet Eros 	  	 
33. Pneumonia With Complications 	  	 
34. Orgy in Reverb (10 Kilometers of Lust)

Nothing could prepare anyone for the full-on noise attack of Mike Patton's Adult Themes for Voices, not even Mr. Bungle fans. There isn't a note of music on the album; it's essentially noise. Recorded in hotel rooms during a Faith No More tour, all of the sounds are created from Patton's voice, which is pretty darn amazing. The album doesn't contain traditional songs as such; it plays as a continuous piece, and hence there are no obvious highlights. For instance, the track 'Wuxipian Fantastique' could be described as sounding like a dying person taking their last breath, accentuated by harsh scraping noises, squeaks, and underwater sounds. And since there are a total of 33 pieces, it seems to be never-ending. Most may find this album hard to take, but fans of original, hard-hitting experimental music will eat it up. If you're sick of melody and musical instruments, your savior may be Mike Patton.


Pranzo Oltranzista
------------------------

1. Elettricita Atmosferiche Candite 	
2. Carne Cruda Squarciata Dal Suono Di Sassofono 	
3. Vivanda in Scodella 	
4. Guerra in Letto 	
5. Contorno Tattil (Per Russolo) 	
6. I Rumori Dal Aperitivo 	  	 
7. Garofani Allo Spiedo 	  	 
8. Aero Vivanda 	  	 
9. Scoppioningola 	  	 
10. Latte Alla Luce Verde 	  	 
11. Bombe a Mano

Mike Patton's second solo album, Pranzo Oltranzista: Musica da Ravola per Cinque (Banquet Piece for Five Players), has some qualities similar to its predecessor (Adult Themes for Voice), except the major difference this time is that there are instruments present. Also, it marks Patton's debut as experimental composer, taking his inspiration for the album's music from Filippo Tommaso Marinetti's Futurist Cookbook (from back in 1932). The five players who perform on this piece are well known in the John Zorn musical circle -- cellist Erik Friedlander, guitarist Marc Ribot, percussionist William Winant, and Zorn himself on alto saxophone. 'Elettricita Atmospheriche Candite' kicks the album off with a mixture of violin squeaks and noises and spacy echo guitar -- when combined, they create a sound collage that would be the perfect soundtrack for a graveyard at night or a spooky haunted house. Another track, 'Aerovivanda,' contains free-form horn blowing and the sound of glass shattering, which builds up quite a bit of musical tension. Chalk up Pranzo Oltranzista as another challenging release from Mike Patton.