Not The Titanic With Leonardo DiCaprio And Kate Winslet 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120338/


Plot Summary for 
Titanic (1996) (TV) 
The tale of the famous Titanic passenger liner that claimed to be unsinkable. This claim was proved to be false when it hit an iceberg when crossing the Atlantic. The drama unfolds as the passengers and crew race against time to get off the sinking vessel and decide who will go into the lifeboats that can only hold half of the ship's population. Those who do not get the privilege of a space on a lifeboat face almost certain death.
Everyone thought the RMS Titanic was the safest ship in the world - a leading shipbuilding journal proclaimed it 'unsinkable' because of its watertight compartment design. On its first trip from England to New York City, it collided with an iceberg in the middle of the North Atlantic. The much-publicized 'unsinkable' watertight compartment design was never designed to cope with such extensive damage, and the 'unsinkable' ship starts to go down. Even worse, more than half the 2200+ passengers & crew on board are already doomed, as the Titanic is only carrying lifeboats for about 1200. This is the frightening story of the passengers & crew's struggles to stay alive. Who will escape the Titanic before it goes nearly 2 miles to the ocean bottom, and survive the panic as well as the 28-degree water?

Cast overview, first billed only:  

Peter Gallagher ....  Wynn Park 
George C. Scott ....  Captain Edward J. Smith 
Catherine Zeta-Jones ....  Isabella Paradine (as Catherine Zeta Jones) 
Eva Marie Saint ....  Hazel Foley 
Tim Curry ....  Simon Doonan 
Roger Rees ....  J. Bruce Ismay 
Harley Jane Kozak ....  Bess Allison 
Marilu Henner ....  Molly Brown 
Mike Doyle ....  Jamie Perse 
Sonsee Neu ....  Aase Ludvigsen (as Sonsee Ahray) 
Felicity Waterman ....  Alice Cleaver 
Malcolm Stewart ....  First Officer William Murdoch 
Kevin McNulty ....  Second Officer Charles Lightoller 
Kavan Smith ....  Fifth Officer Harold Lowe 
Terence Kelly ....  Captain Arthur Henry Rostron (as Terrence Kelly) 

