(digimob) Poke Runyon - The Magick of Solomon (DivX)

--
THE MAGICK OF SOLOMON, 2nd Edition is a 85 minute DVD video documentary written and narrated by anthropologist and ceremonial magician, Carroll "Poke" Runyon, Magister of America's oldest continually operating Magical Lodge, the Ordo Templi Astartes (O.T.A.). The first part of the video offers a history of Western Magick, illustrated with graphics and displays, setting forth the author's theory, based on his own research and experiments, that visions of spirits obtained by magicians in medieval times were subjective and hypnotic rather than hysterical hallucinations. Runyon holds that the practical technique for achieving this was the visual distortion which occurs when a person stares at his or her reflection in a dark mirror. This technique is demonstrated and visions are simulated. The relationship of the "72 Rebellious Spirits" contained in King Solomon's legendary "Brass Vessel" to the Holy Angels who control them is explained and a hypnotic method for invoking these Angels into a Crystal Ball is demonstrated. According to the narrator, these two systems should be integrated for a proper spiritual balance. The video climaxes with the presentation of a complete Goetia Evocation Operation, in full ceremonial regalia, summoning the spirit Astaroth (actually the Canaanite Goddess, Astarte) to visual appearance in the dark mirror on the Triangle of Art. The Magick of Solomon was originally released on VHS in 1996 and is still available in that format. This new DVD version has been digitally re-mastered and visually enhanced. Ten extra minutes of new material has been added, including a flim clip of O.T.A. temple operations aired on national television in 1974 showing the use of the mirror in the triangle as described in the original 1996 VHS version. 
--

This torrent represents a work of [b]LOVE[/b].  All texts so far gathered, as well as all future gatherings aim at exposing interested students to occult information.  

Future releases will include submissions from users like [b]YOU[/b].  

For some of us, the time has come to mobilize. If you have an interest in assisting in this process - we all have strengths to bring to the table - please email occult.digital.mobilization AT gmail DOT com 

Complacency serves the old gods.