1. Casta de Guerreros con Fuego (0:00 - 6:23)

The spirit?s the guide when darkness is upon men.
Nobility will be our nature. Following the code of honor;
living by virtues: sacrifice, defending our kin,
defending freedom, to always see good over ill.
Impel men to overcome; let no kinfolk go to Hel.
Courage of the creed of stone.
Glorifying the Hall of Fallen Warriors scarred from battle,
for they swore oaths -- which they never break --
to the Chief of Combat. Gathered on sacred ground
around him and his sword.
Go forth into fight, and victory we will have.
When danger is nigh, we will not react with fear but with anger.
Crush the source of all evils. Bind them in the light;
only the noble will rule. Elite inducers of justice by the Folk Law.
United, we will stand. His father pursues wisdom,
he pursues vigor. Together, salute the strong,
bringing men to worthy deed; to honor and righteous striving.
Sky-high into well being,
the four tongues of the sun
with the sword's motion toward what is to come.
There is no equal; we praise by merit.

El espada es el guía
Cuándo el obscuridad esta? sobre hombres
Nobleza es nuestro índole
Partidarias el código de honor
Viviente por el virtudes
Sacrificio, defensando nuestro relaciónes
Defensando la libertad
Siempre a ver lo bueno sobre la enfermidad
Impeler hombres a superar
Arrendar que no parientes veten al Infierno
Coraje de la Plata Credo
Glorificar el Corredor de Caídos Guerreros
Cicratizado desde las batallas
Por ellos espada juramento
Cuál que ellos nunca pausa
Al Jefe de Combate
Acumulado en sagrado terreno
A la vuelta de él y su espada
Adelante a lucha
Y la victoria tendremos
Cuándo el peligro es cerca
No reaccionaramos con miedo

Stewards of peace, we teach men the art of fight.
We live up to our duty, to our name.

2. Dwarf Mine (6:25 - 8:49)
3. El Pollo Cancion (8:54 - 9:54)

Chicken...
Mmm...I smell CHICKEN...! YEEE-HAWW!!!

Find the chicken! We want us some drum-sticks!
We'll feed 'em to Miss Emily [from William Faulkner]
while she's in the ground. She'll love it!

Worms eating Miss Emily and the chicken!
Wait a minute...I want that chicken! Give it to ME!
IT'S MINE! ...MINE!! MY CHICKEN!!!
DON'T YOU TAKE MY CHICKEN!!!!
(GOBBLE)