Victorian London, two rival magicians are locked in a continuing battle of wits, their aim? The ultimate magical illusion. Hugh Jackman and Christian Bale star in director Christopher Nolan's adaptation of author Christopher Priest's best-selling novel.

Robert Angier (Jackman) and Alfred Borden (Bale) are two struggling magicians, trying to earn a living in the seedy entertainment venues of Victorian London. When debuts a seemingly impossible magic trick, it send his former friend Angier on an obsessive journey to discover the truth of the trick and to try and replicate it, at any cost.

Christopher Nolan (Memento, Batman Begins) has consistently demonstrated that he is one of the finest directors working today. The Prestige proves to be no exception.

Starring Hugh Jackman (Angier) and Batman himself, Christian Bale (Borden) as Victorian magicians, Nolan takes his characters on a rollercoaster of a narrative. Angier and Borden find themselves in an increasingly bitter feud to unlock the secrets of the ultimate magic trick. Is it just an illusion, or something far more wondrous? With double crosses, directorial sleights of hand, superb effects and twists galore, the audience is kept guessing long after the end credits roll. Combined, it's a technique as gripping as it is brilliant. Like the best of tricks, you will beg to know 'how did they do that?' And it's also to Nolan's credit that he doesn't let the mystery run away with itself. The Prestige works just as well as a period piece, with the Victorian world rendered in beautifully realistic detail.

If the leads weren't enough already, Nolan assembled a supporting cast to die for. Michael Caine, Scarlet Johansson (Lost in Translation) and Andy 'Gollum' Serkis fill out the ranks. Sporting a 'Scottish' accent, even David Bowie gets an inspired cameo.

Although somewhat overlooked at cinemas late in 2006, this film deserves more than just cult success. This is energetic, intelligent mainstream filmmaking at its best. Magic even.


PLEASE SEED FOR 24 HOURS AFTER DOWNLOAD OR TILL A RATIO OF 5.0

This was ripped by AXXO,

Enjoy i did