by Dark Jedi
What is it about? After being committed for 17 years, Michael Myers, now a grown man and still very dangerous, escapes from the mental institution (where he was committed as a 10 year old) and he immediately returns to Haddonfield, where he wants to find his baby sister, Laurie. Anyone who crosses his path is in mortal danger.

original film name: Halloween Unrated Directors Cut
new film name: Halloween: Origin of Evil
film studio name: Dimension Films
Date Original Film Was Released: 31 Aug. 2007
Date Edit Was Released: Dec. 2007
Original Runtime : 121 min
New Runtime : 131 min
Amount of time Cut/Added : 10 minutes

Cuts removed/added/extended :

* Added Deborah Myers getting harrased by the reporter.
* Added Michaels Hearing to get transfered to Minimum security.
* Added Dr. Loomis signing autographs and young girl flirting with him.
* Added Michael leaving Smiths Grove Sanitarium after the rape escape.
* Added Michael getting the Gravestone.
* Added Dr. Loomis meeting up with Sheriff Bracket in the graveyard and both of them discovering that the stone missing is Judith Myers,this seemed more realistic.


Removed:
* Dr. Loomis going to the Graveyard to check on Judith Myers Gravestone,How would he have known it was missing and that Michael would have taken it?
Also moved some scenes around a little,put in a different order.


DVD details:

NTSC 2.35:1 Widescreen 
5.1 AC-3 Audio (English) 
motion menu with audio 
Theatrical & Teaser Trailers 
ComiCon 2007 Halloween Panel(Panel includes,Rob Zombie,Sherri Moon Zombie,Tyler Mane, and Scout Taylor-Compton) 
case and disc artwork by boon23 
Your intention for this fanedit:

To make it a little more realistic,and to add some more character to Dr. Loomis,plus I just like it this way. 
Additional Comment:

Personally I like ALL the Halloween movies,I am just a HUGE fan,but this version I did I like the most,some scenes just were not needed,like most of the first half,the begining story was long enough in my opinion,except for the reporter harrasing Deborah Myers,I felt this scene was needed.

Time needed for the edition: 

2 weeks 
persons involved: Dark Jedi


IMAGES:
cover art by boon23:

WWW.FANEDIT.ORG

