REVENGE OF THE CREATURE





Year: 1955

Runtime: 82 Minutos

Country:USA


Directed by: Jack Arnold

Produced by: William Alland 

Writing credits: William Alland Y Martin Berkeley

Cinematography by: Scotty Welbourne   

Original Music by: William Lava Y Herman Stein      

Makeup Department: Bud Westmore

 Cast:

John Agar      ... Prof. Clete Ferguson
Lori Nelson      ... Helen Dobson
Nestor Paiva      ... Capt. Lucas
Robert Williams      ... George Johnson
Dave Willock      ... Lou Gibson
Charles Cane      ... Capitán de Policía
John Bromfield      ... Joe Hayes
Clint Eastwood      ... Jennings
Grandon Rhodes      ... Jackson Foster
Ricou Browning      ... el Monstruo (escenas submarinas)

IMDB: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0048554/fullcredits#cast

Having survived being riddled with bullets at the end of the first film, the Gillman is captured by men sent by the Ocean Harbor Oceanarium in Florida, where he is put on display so he can be studied by animal psychologist Professor Clete Ferguson and icthyology student Helen Dobson. Helen and Clete quickly begin to fall in love, much to the chagrin of Joe Hayes, the Gillman's keeper. The Gillman takes an instant liking to Helen (as he did to Kay in the first film), with severely hampers Professor Ferguson's efforts to communicate with him. Ultimately, the Gillman escapes from the tank, in the process killing Joe, and flees to the open ocean. Unable to stop thinking about Helen, however, he soon begins to stalk her and Ferguson, ultimately abducting her from a seaside restaurant where the two are partying. Clete tries to give chase but the Gillman escapes to the water with his captive. Clete and the local law enforcement must now try to track down Helen and her amphibious abductor.


THE CREATURE WALK AMONG US





Year: 1956

Runtime: 79 Minutos

Country:USA


Directed by: John Sherwood

Produced by: William Alland para Universal .

Writing credits: Arthur A. Ross

Cinematography by: Maury Gertsman   

Original Music by: Irving Gertz, Henry Mancini, Heinz Roemheld, Hans J. Salter, Herman Stein           

Makeup Department: Vincent Romaine

 Cast:

Jeff Morrow      ... Dr. William Barton
Rex Reason      ... Dr. Thomas Morgan
Leigh Snowden      ... Marcia Barton
Gregg Palmer      ... Jed Grant
Maurice Manson      ... Dr. Borg
David McMahon      ... Capt. Stanley
James Rawley      ... Dr. Johnson
Paul Fierro      ... Morteno
Lillian Molieri      ... Sra. Morteno
Larry Hudson      ... Oficial
IMDB: INFO

Following the Gillman's escape from Ocean Habor, Florida, a team of scientists led by the mentally unbalanced Dr. William Barton manage to capture him in the Everglades. During the capture however, the creature is badly burned in a fire. The doctors bandage the Gillman, then notice that it is shedding its gills and even breathing using a kind of lungs. Now that the creature has more human-like skin, it is given clothing and the doctors attempt to try to get the Gillman used to living among humans. Barton ruins the plans when, in a murderous rage, he kills guide Jed Grant who made romantic advances to his pretty wife, Marcia. Barton then tries to put the blame on the Gillman. The Gillman, witnessing the killing, goes on a rampage. After ripping down the electric fence that kept him in, it kills Barton and then slowly walks back into the sea-- presumably to commit suicide because it no longer has gills and a previous attempt to swim in this condition nearly killed it.


DATOS DEL DVD

AUDIO (CODEC): Dolby Digital 2.0 (Mono)

FORMAT  (PAL O NTSC): Ntsc

LANGUAGE: English

SUBTITLES: Spanish, English y French

IMAGEN: 1:33:1 4:3

EXTRAS: Interactive menus, Direct access to scenes, Commentaries of the Film with the Historian of the Cinema Tom Weaver and Bob Burns, Theatrical Tráiler