Vinyl Flac Project
VFP-07021919 Straighten Up and Fly Right, Rhythm and Blues from the close of the Swing Era to the dawn of Rock 'n' Roll
01 - Lionel Hampton and his Orchestra - Flying Home.flac
02 - Joe Turner - Roll  'em Pete.flac
03 - The Golden Gate Quartet - The Sun Didn't Shine.flac
04 - Nat 'King' Cole - Straighten Up and Fly Right.flac
05 - Cecil Grant - I wonder.flac
06 - Louis Jordan - Choo Choo Ch'Boogie.flac
07 - T-Bone Walker - Call it Stormy Monday.flac
08 - Wynonie 'Blues' Harris - Godd Rockin' Tonight.flac
09 - The Ravens - Give me a Simple Prayer.flac
10 - Tiny Bradshaw and his Orchestra - Well, Oh Well.flac
11 - Lightnin' Hopkins - Hello Central.flac
12 - The Clovers - One Mint Julep.flac
13 - Willie Mae 'Big Mama' Thornton - Hound Dog.flac
14 - Ruth Brown - Mama he Treats your Daughter Mean.flac
15 - Sonny Til and the Orioles - Crying in the Chapel.flac
16 - Muddy Waters - Hoochic Coochie Man.flac



The Vinyl Flac Project (VFP) is inspired by the Avant Garde Project (AGP) but with the idea of being open to everybody.  Everybody is encouraged to create VFP torrents and start sharing rare vinyl records. 

The twentieth century saw a vast body of music released on vinyl, which was never re-released in a digital format, especially works within the art music genres (classical, avant-garde, experimental, electronic, contemporary, jazz, blues, folk, world, ethnic, marginal progressive rock, early recordings, 78s, wax cylinders and other rarities.)  These records are in danger of being extinct, along with their historical and educational values.  

The amount of work required to digitize all music is enormous and only an internetwide collaborative effort can save these rarities from extinction.  So start contributing today.  Digitize your rare records before they go bad.  

The guidelines for VFP are pretty simple:
1. Each torrent should include a full record (or several), don?t make compilations.
2. Include a scan of the record cover (front and back) and preferably an OCR scan of the sleeve notes (jpg, txt, pdf, or any other standard format)
3. Save the files in flac (free lossless audio codec)
4. files should be tagged 
5. Track name format: track - artist - title.flac
6. Include this text file
7. In order to maintain a unique designation for each album, assign each VFP release a number in the following manner: YYMMDDHH (Year, Month, Day, Hour with two digits for each, use the 24 hour clock for the hour), for example VFP-07012205 would be the nnumber for a release that was uploaded on 22 Jan 2007 between 5am and 6am (don't worry aobut time zones)
8. Include the words ?Vinyl Flac Project" and the release number (VFP 07012205)? in the torrent comments to make searches easy.  Also include some information about the album - the more the better (track list, performers, and this text)


Thanks for saving the music
