The Golden Voyage of Sinbad (1974)

-=Rip Info=- 

Ripper: Sodapop

Tools Used: DVDDecripter + DVDRebuilder

Movie: Compress
Menus: Intact       

Extras: Interactive menus, trailers, Direct access to scenes, Filmographies & documentary of The Worlds of Gulliver, Mysterious Island and Earth vs. the Flying Saucers

Compression % : DVDDecrypter 4 pass

Play Time: 105 min.

Video CODEC: 

Frame Rate: PAL

Aspect Ratio: Widescreen 1.85:1, 16:9

Resolution: 720x576

Audio Streams:  Dolby Digital Mono: spanish, english, deustch, Italian, French

Subs:  Inglés, Alemán, Checo, Danés, Español, Finlandés, Francés, Griego, Holandés, Inglés, Italiano, Noruego, Polaco, Portugués, Sueco, Árabe, Búlgaro, Hebreo, Hindú, Húngaro, Islandés, Turco

IMdB Link: http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071569/

Type/Genre...: Family / Fantasy / Action / Adventure

Description: Made 14 years after The 7th Voyage Of Sinbad, this follow up is ,unsurprisingly, not as good, but that WAS a ground breaking classic. Perhaps sensing that they could not top the first film, the filmmakers give this movie a slightly different feel. If 7th Voyage was full of colour and size, Golden Voyage is somewhat darker and less spectacular. Most of the action occurs at night or in caves, while none of the creatures are especially large. This makes Golden Voyage slightly less of a delightful romp, but it's certainly not just a rehash. There is a strong sense of the uncanny to some scenes,such as the villain's resurrection of the tiny humunculus, or the coming to life of the ship's figurehead.

The pace is possibly a little two leisurely, but the action is still terrific, the showstopper being Sinbad and his men battling the 6 armed statue of the Indian goddess Kali, a masterpiece of effects and editing. Tom Baker is the most sinister of all Harryhausen's villains, and Miklos Rozsa's wonderfully rich and grand score never fails to provide excellent backing. It's very different from Bernard Herrmann's classic Harryhausen scores, but as effective.

Despite their flaws, there is a wonderful innocence to these Harryhausen films. A modern version would be filled to the brim with CGI, hyperactive editing, 'clever' laughs that show that no one is bothering to take any of this seriously ,etc....... Is that really an improvement?