	
Jesus Christ Vampire Hunter (2001)

Directed by Lee Demarbre

Writing credits Ian Driscoll 

Genre: Action / Comedy / Horror / Musical

Plot Summary:

The first testament says "an eye for an eye." The second testament says "love thy neighbour." The third testament KICKS ASS! The filmmaking team that brought you Harry Knuckles and won the "Spirit of Slamdance" prize with Harry Knuckles and the Treasure of the Aztec Mummy ups the ante with this tale of the ultimate action hero: Jesus Christ. The second coming is upon us, and Jesus has returned to earth. But before he can get down to the serious business of judging the living and the dead, he has to contend with an army of vampires that can walk in the daylight. Combining kung-fu action with biblical prophecy and a liberal dose of humour, the film teams the Savior with Mexican wrestling hero El Santos against mythological horrors and science gone mad, and also manages to address contemporary sexual politics. And did we mention that it's a musical? This sure ain't Sunday School.

Credited cast:
	Phil Caracas	.... 	Jesus Christ
	Murielle Varhelyi	.... 	Maxine Schreck
	Ian Driscoll	.... 	Johnny Golgotha
	Jeff Moffet	.... 	Santo Enmascarado de Plata
	Josh Grace	.... 	Dr. Pretorious
	Jason McMaster	.... 	Atheist 1
rest of cast listed alphabetically:
	Thetis Bernard	.... 	Lesbian Vampire Hottie #3
	Christopher R. Bugg	.... 	Atheist #1
	Mark Cayer	.... 	Worshipper
	Marc Charron	.... 	The cop
	Olga Chrzanowska	.... 	Worshipper
	Graham Collins	.... 	Store Clerk
	Christine Demarbre	.... 	The screaming lesbian
	Eric Demarbre	.... 	Hockey Jersey Atheist
	Tim Devries	.... 	Father Eustace
	Rayna Farr-Dutchin	.... 	The little blind girl
	Miles Finlayson	.... 	Atheist
	Ivan Freud	.... 	Narrator
	Mike Funk	.... 	Danny Sabbath
	Alex Godin	.... 	Father Avellino
	Stephanie Halin	.... 	Lesbian Vampire
	Stu Hutchings	.... 	Danny Sabbath's bodyguard
	Glen Jones	.... 	Father Alban

	Claudia Jurt	.... 	Misty Winters
	Tracy Lance	.... 	Gloria Oddbottom
	Yves Macra	.... 	The limo driver
	Maria Moulton	.... 	Mary Magnum
	Ean Murphy	.... 	Female Lead Atheist
	Erica Murton	.... 	Maggie
	Karm Parker	.... 	Atheist #6
	Shelly Pederson	.... 	Woman blessed on the beach
	Mark Pollesel	.... 	Dancer
	Elinor Quesnel	.... 	Praetorius' patient #1/Wrestling girl #1
	Ranita Raggo	.... 	The Straight Shooters Waitress
	Nancy Riehle	.... 	Pedestrian, Nurse, Atheist, voice of Atheist Woman, Cadaver #2, Wresting Girl
	Lucky Ron	.... 	Blind Jimmy Leper
	Jose Sanchez	.... 	The Transvestite
	Steve Sauve	.... 	Pedestrian, Homeless Person
	Casey Tourangeau	.... 	Singer, Musical Scene

Runtime: 85 min

Country: Canada

Language: Dolby English 2.0 and Dolby Spanis 5.0

Subtitles: spanish and portuguese

Region: PAL

Software only DvDDecrypter because the original it┬┤s a DvD5

Visit www.dvdquorum.es