SRI_VENKATESA_SUPRABHATHAM
KASI_VISWANATHA_SUPRABHATHA
MAHISHASURAMARDHINI
KANAKADHARA_STOTRAM
ASHTALAKSHMI_STOTRAM
LALITHA_SAHASRANAMAM
SHYAMALA_DANDAKAM

SRI VENKATESA SUPRABHATHAM and KASI VISWANATHA SUPRABHATHA: The Suprabhatam is sung in the morning as a wake-up call for Lord . Its a very pleasant feeling to hear the clear voice of M S Subhalakshmi ring through the cool morning air.

Mahishasuramardhini: one of the Durga forms of Devi, is described in the Devi
Mahatmaya section of the Markendeya Purana (700 AD). Legend has it that the gods,
unable to defeat the demon Mahisa who took the form of a buffalo, went to the Goddess for assistance . She agreed to help but while practising her austerities, Mahisa attacked her. The gods gave her all their weapons to defeat the buffalo demon. After a fierce battle, the Goddess pinned the buffalo  with her foot and trident on his neck and decapitated  him as he emerged from the buffaloâ??s mouth. The ten arms of the Goddess represent the weapons given to her by the gods.

Lalita sahasranama is a sacred Hindu text for the worshippers of the Goddess Lalita Devi, i.e. the Divine Mother, in the form of her and the male gods' feminine power, Shakti. Lalita is the Goddess of bliss, an epithet for Parvati. Etymologically, "Lalita" means "She Who Plays". 

The names are organised as in a hymn, i.e. in the way of stotras. This hymn occurs in the Brahmanda Purana. It is a dialogue between Hayagriva, an (avatara) of MahaVishnu and the great sage Agastya.

Lalita Sahasranamam is held as a sacred text for the worship of the Divine Mother, Lalita, and is also used in the worship of Durga, Kali, Lakshmi, Saraswati, Bhagavathi, etc. It is a principal text of Shakti worshippers. Lalita Sahasranama names the various attributes of the Divine Mother, and all these names are organised in the form of a hymn. This Sahasranama is used in various modes for the worship of the Divine Mother. Some of the modes of worship are parayana (Recitations), archana, homa etc.

Usually, in a sahasranamam, if the same name repeats, the commentators use their scholarship and inspiration to give different meanings to different occurrences of the same name. Lalita sahasranma has the unique distinction, among all the sahasranamas, of not repeating even a single name. Further, in order to maintain the metre, sahasranamas use the artifice of adding words like tu, api, ca, and hi, which are only conjunctions not necessarily needed for the meaning except in rare cases of interpretation.


The Mahishasuramardhini hymn, the Lalitha Pancharatnam used for Srividya Upasana
and the Kanakadhara Stotram seeking wealth  was composed by Shankara the great
Hindu theologian and philosopher (700 - 820 AD?). The Laksmi Ashtakam,  the
Ashtalakshmi Stotram and the Shyamala Dandakam are all in praise of the goddess.
