Whether you’re an Expert or Standard user, Nero 6 Ultra Edition Major Update - Version 6.6 makes your digital media projects a breeze to complete. Enhance your creative and technical skills with multiple tools to take you beyond the ordinary rip & burn.

AUDIO
Create, Edit, and Burn Audio Discs
Includes unlimited High Efficiency AAC (MPEG-4) encoder, rip audio CDs to various formats, record LPs and Tapes to CDs, make a compilation of all your favorite music by mixing titles in various formats and easily record at same volume.

VIDEO
Capture, Edit, Author, and Burn Video
Personalize and customize moving menus, titles, and credits to DVDs: Add new content, delete content, change subtitles, preview in Real-time and playback DVD and other formats with Nero ShowTime.
Backup Your DVDs*
Copy your non-protected DVD movies, keep or edit audio tracks, titles or subtitles, 5.1 Surround Sound, fit an entire DVD onto a CD without loss of quality.

PHOTO
Make Multimedia Slideshows
Make photo and video slideshows and watch on DVD player or PC. Capture and edit your photos, add multiple background music tracks, create custom menus and captions with select time duration and transitions. View your images. browse through image directories and burn to DVD, SVCD and VCD.

DATA
Save your Data files to CD or DVD
Record, drag & drop, and automatically update files from data to disc all in one session. Create and schedule automatic complete system backups spanning several CDs or DVDs.

EXTRAS
PLAYBACK AND SHARE
Nero Media Home, our brand-new Media Server, categorizes all your media: first by type (Video, Audio, Photos and Playlists), second by artist, album and genre. Playback the media coming from Nero MediaHome with Nero ShowTime or even on your TV or Hifi (devices have to support UPNPTM-technology).

LABELING
Full set of text/image design tools for creative and professional CD/DVD and other labels. Free CD/DVD Labeling Kit included.

ANALYZE AND CONFIGURE
Test the real performance of your drive and inserted media. Set the reading speed of a CD/DVD drive on-the-fly and get the most important information about a drive, disc, hardware configuration and software with one click.

***What new in 6.6.0.12***
New Features
added the LightScribe icon to the Nero toolbar

Bug Fixes
Data DVD writing on a DVD-R DL medium was not working in some cases
Nero did not remember renamed ISO9660 Level 2 names
Nero terminated if the path to a source file was too long
Improved the handling for the label creator when the text style did not fit the template