Logbook Pro - The 21st Century Flight Logbook Solution

Logbook Pro is designed to provide the aviation community a flexible and easy solution to log flight records, from certificates and ratings, to medicals and flight reviews, to actual flight data. Logbook Pro uses high-performance Windows development technology from Microsoft to enable a solid, secure, and reliable software for the end user. Flexibility is built in allowing the user to customize Logbook Pro to suit their specific needs and regulations requirements. A powerful currency editor is included allowing the user to build any currency requirement required by regulations, world-wide. Installation of Logbook Pro is straight-forward using the latest installer technology which is non-invasive on the Windows OS platform and includes full uninstall support without breaking other applications already installed.

Automation is built in by keeping aircraft configuration separate from data entry. By setting characteristics to the aircraft configuration, Logbook Pro does not require or recommend aircraft specific information, such as Airplane Single-Engine Land information be logged with a flight entry itself. When Logbook Pro produces reports and data analysis output, it will reference the Duration value for the flight entry, take the Aircraft Type entered and pull the aircraft specifics configured and provide all the pertinent output from this technique. This minimizes data entry and reduces the margin for errors. Autofill is also a system included whereas the user configures each aircraft type to auto-copy the Duration value to target fields, thus minimizing data entry time for fixed entry parameters. For example, if flying a Boeing 777, and configured appropriately, when entering the Duration, the Cross-Country, PIC, and other fields, as designated, can be automatically entered.

Error checking is performed in two stages; 1) at the time of data entry, and 2) when commanded by the user to conduct an error analysis of the flight log data. Error checking ensures entries are in accordance with common data entry parameters, such as PIC, SIC, etc. not exceeding that of Duration for a specific flight. Logbook Pro will flag a warning to the user to correct the error, both at data entry, when data is committed, as well as during a manual scan.

Professional output is as important as accurate input. Logbook Pro provides over 60 reports, including ones replicating the Jeppesen traditional paper logbook, reports for Cirrus Elite\'s fine leather binder covers, and numerous data analysis and formatted outputs. Logbook Pro provides flexibility through custom report template designers and a report combiner where the user can select various reports to combine into one output presentation.

Data Analysis is one of the most important pieces of a aviation logbook in allowing the user to extract data for various requirements. Logbook Pro provides interactive graphs for visual data analysis, the Logbook Pro Explorer for a single area view of the logbook, and the powerful pivot-table style system \"The Analyzer.\" Military pilots pursuing civilian jobs can take advantage of the conversion utility often allowed for interviews compensating military for different flight logging requirements. All analysis methods allow for data capture in both the ability to print as well as export to image and other database recognizable formats for maximum flexibility.

Documentation is thorough and organized to allow the user to become familiar with the software via a quick-start and also with in depth coverage of the software including the PDA Companion devices. Tutorials are provided with the Logbook Pro Computer Based Training (CBT) Video Tutorials, containing over 3 1/2 hours of video and audio training of the products.

Technical support is free as well as is the encouraged use of our e-Community, a peer-to-peer forum online. E-mail is monitored 24/7 for support as well as we stay involved with customers via our online support forums within the e-Community.