Shakawkaw on the Isle of Man

I was always curious if you could make a great GPL-video if you had no knowhow or tallent. Others might not find this particular baby "great" but hey its my baby and i like it. Its got a nice technical finesse with swiching into slowmo (!) at the jump somwhere arround Glen Wine , but actually i like the bits just after for musical reasons. Just like i like the Gregwillys hill/Cronkywoody and down for musical reasons. 
You will not that i have very few cuts, there are only fifteen or so captures, but if you have great driving on a great track you dont nessesarily need more. It also made it easier to redo the captures that i screwed up.

What else did i have to learn?
Last week i knew nothing about moviemaking, something which has not changed a lot. My first capture resulted in 4 gigs of 1600x1200 jpg-files - nice but no fun. 
I skimmed a few lines from GPL2AVI faqs and noted that you should capture with the GPL-replay in max resolution, even if you need to go with 640/380 in captured video. I learned that i could only play the captures in slowmo or less than full screen. 

The captures was put together with Pinacle Studio which i never read the manual for. After a bit of fumbling its bleeding obvious how you do the simple stuff and I just stick to that then. 

I would love to learn how to ad GPL-racesound to the captures, but hey i might have time to kill next week too. Also i need to learn how to capture in a format that gives me original aspect ratio, but thats just details. 


For a silly cheap production like this you need:

One Pentium D 805 or better (se http://www.tomshardware.com/2006/05/10/dual_41_ghz_cores/ )

GPL
GPL2AVI	(freware)
Pincacle Studio	(comes with my burner)
GPLcarcam.exe (freware)

A stack of replays to pick from - i used two merged into one with GPL-replay analyser. 

Some fairly intense music, preferably with deep lyrics like what i found in "Shakawkaw" (live version). 

Two days or one night with no sleep. I know that when Kevin Clark made his masterpeices - using a candlelit Celeron 700 computer it took nine hours to render each new version, but hardware is cheap and fast these days so youre running out of exuces. 

This text doubles as credits for the movie, as i dont know how to make those. 
The real artists involved in this are off couse Jim Pearson and Infected Mushroom.