The Source is a U.S., monthly full-color magazine covering hip-hop music, politics, and culture. The magazine was founded as a newsletter in 1988 by college students David Mays and Jon Shecter distributed from their dorm room. The current president of the publication is Jeremy Miller. Mays and rapper Benzino were terminated from their positions as CEO and president respectively in 2006. From humble beginnings, The Source had grown into one of the largest and most influential hip-hop publications in the United States[citation needed]. It had even grown to the point of being called "The Bible of Hip-Hop."

Like many things, The Source's "Hip Hop Hits Volume 1" was the original and the best. The songs on this album are far better than most of the trash that is out there today. Plus, The Source is so biased anymore with the selection, and always throwing in tons of garbage by Benzino that no one has ever even heard. EPMD, LL Cool J, Wyclef and Jay-Z are just a few of the great artists included on this disc. The music on here is from the days when all of the rap artists didnt sound the same and use the same producers like most of them do now. If you want to hear some good rap from the late 1990's, then this is the compilation to get.

Product Details
    * Audio CD (December 16, 1997)
    * Original Release Date: December 16, 1997
    * Number of Discs: 1
    * Format: Explicit Lyrics
    * Label: Def Jam

Track Listing

1. Hypnotize - Notorious B.I.G.
2. Triumph - Wu-Tang Clan
3. Look Into My Eyes - Bone Thugs-N-Harmony
4. Da Joint - EPMD
5. Can't Nobody Hold Me Down - Puff Daddy
6. Bout It, Bout It - Master P
7. Hell On Earth - Mobb Deep
8. Mary Jane - Scarface
9. Big Bad Mama - Foxy Brown
10. Firm Biz - Nas, F. Brown, AZ, & Nature
11. Bow Down - Westside Connection
12. Whateva Man - Redman
13. Elevators - Outkast
14. Crush On You - Lil' Kim & Lil' Ceas
15. I'll Be - Foxy Brown & Jay-Z
16. We Trying To Stay Alive - Wyclef Jean & The Refugee All-Stars
17. Phenomenon - LL Cool J
18. Hay - Crucial Conflict