Have you ever been wondering why you lost contact with your kid(s) although you knew everything about sharing the time with the kids and were ready to deal with it? Have you ever wondered why men in most relationships use their money on tools for fixing the house and the car and then dont expect to find their wife under the car or on the roof? Why do the wife get -shopping money- to just spend away as a sick hobby? Did you know women do 85% of buying decisions (an American example). 

Men are not the oppressors of women. The simple proof of that is that WOMEN ARE NOT OPRESSED. Women are not now, and never have been -opressed-. Women have the right to vote with NO concomitant obligation to be drafted in time of war to protect their right to vote. How did they get the one without being forced to assume the other? They have power without responsibility, just like when It comes to the divorced father that HAS to pay but has only a theoretical right to see his child. The only way democracy got reborn in the modern world was because men faught and died battling their kings, a certain German Furer (in Stalingrad, Kursk, Karelen, in Normandy, in the Alps, at sea and in the air) and corporations to seize this right. Women took place in the war industry meanwhile, but its a lie that women fought for their right to vote and men dod not. Women gained It by fighting a tiny theoretical war in comparison. A -courageous- ideological struggle.. Women are not  expected to perform heavy labour - laying bricks, puoring asphalt, fixing cars. They live in houses they do not build, drive cars they cant fix and eat food they do not grow grow. Is this opression? In fact, women are coddled, not opressed. Women are strident and pushy and obnoxious in ways men never can be because we would get punched or shamed or arrested, and they would not - since they are j u s t women. 

Did you know The -equality- idea done the way the feminists today are trying to proclaim it, is devastationg for our families and has been destructive since we once started growing crops and building households on the premises that we want to collect more stuff and satisfy our craving women on the farm. The materialistic society destroying both the family and now the planet we live on is a problem connected to the loss of the masculinity and the masculine visionary thinking, the masculine spirituality. Men do not want Hummers, It is a manhole thing.. Things we dissillutioned pussies think we want because there is women whispering they want.. Ever since we gat kings in dresses who could give women a castle to live in, the masculinity has faded away. The most manly car is (hold your wholy horses) NO car AT ALL :).. A Horse? The author sees this not as a political problem, but a spiritual problem. It requires a spiritual sollution that means living with less to regain the meaning of life. The author says women are not the enemy. The enemy is the materialistic greed and the lack of illutions in the feminine world promoting shopping, shopping and even more shopping. To live in peace and to see your own kids grow up should be every persons reality but unfortunately it is not the case. It is OK to be a man.. Everything else starts with that.


Some Chapters:

We need to regenerate a male-flavoured spirituality
Men and women have swapped mental roles
The feminization of human society began 8000 years ago.
Women are more materialistic than men.
Men are more spiritual than women.
Men are not the cause of war.
