
...kickin sum more butts...




The One Eyed Dude

decided to do for you


..::> StarWolves 2 <(english only + ripped) <::..



:. ripped .:...> 

 Movies, Music, Speech


:. about .:

Six years have passed after the events of 2226 A.D. The balance in the 
galaxy has been restored as transgalactic corporations have been 
deported to the outskirts of the galaxy and deprived of their power.
The Empire, just as before, continues to fight against the Aliens. As a rule
armadas of battleships aren't used in such conflicts. Small maneuverable 
squadrons that can attack and retreat quickly are better suited for this type 
of war. 
This means that the famous Star Wolves team is back in action! Star Wolves
is a 3D space RPG with deep strategy and tactical elements. 
The game thrusts players into a world of freelance space hunters during a 
time of war for the all-powerful Empire. Human space pirates,rogue AI compus
that rebelled against humanity and Aliens roam space in search of easy prey and
planets to conquer.

:. Features .:

Star Wolves 2 is a sequel to the BEST-SELLING-SPACE-STRATEGY with role playing 
elements.
Huge game world with over 50 star systems and complete freedom to move 
from one to another.
New ships including the Mothership, improved fighters and ships built using alien 
technologies.
New characters and mercenaries to join your team.
Non-linear storyline,several ways to finish the game and dynamic missions. 
It is up to the player to choose where to go and what missions to pick up.
Upgrade your ship with a huge range of parts and more.

:. screens + trailer .:

www.gamespot.com or www.tothegame.com



:. Install .:

1.: double click PC_StarWolves2.exe (and nothing else!)

2.: double click Game-Install.bat (and nothing else!)

3.: start game with Star Wolves 2.exe (and nothing else!)

4.: time of installation and rebuilding about 1 Hour (!)

:. note .: 

no addons or anything planned, so dont ask!... if you think it got
ripped too much, or not worth the leech. then you probably should 
consult any doctor or may your local software dealer. there you go.



a ToeD Production 2oo7







