Gomez's 'How We Operate' - "absolutely brilliant".

The Tripwire (login required)
Reviewed by Chip Adams

Gomez
How We Operate

When a band gets to their fifth studio album, you'd think that they might be running out of steam. I mean, five albums is quite a bit, especially in the span of nine years. To stay relevant and fresh over that amount of time, a band must have some mind-blowing musicianship. In the case of Gomez, they have more than enough, which overflows throughout their brand new album. The latest offering from this British quintet is a fantastic collection of pop songs, titled How We Operate. This is a departure for the band, who up until now have always self-produced their albums. For the new record, they brought in their first ever outside producer, Gil Norton. Known for his work with the Pixies and Foo Fighters, Norton has helped the band make a truly career-defining album. From the opening seconds of 'Notice', it is obvious that this is a very special record. Beginning with softly brushed drums and a light acoustic guitar line, it slowly builds to a chorus overflowing with harmony as the song swells to a climactic end. What a way to kick off an album! 'See The World' sounds as if it was written in Tennessee while sipping on moonshine, embracing a sing-along chorus against the backdrop of shuffling drums and a mandolin. The hints of country influences are not overpowering, which makes for a smooth transition into the title track. A dark guitar line is joined with the plucking of a banjo, which leads us to Tom Gray's slightly throaty vocals and eventually an eruption of electric guitars. While the songs are always full of instrumentation and melody, Gomez always manages to keep the perfect balance of full-on rock moments with the subtle, more melancholy acoustic passages in their songs. This is rock perfection. The band doesn't shy away from great pop songs, such as the catchy 'Girlshapedlovedrug'. Picking my favorite moments from this album is just too damn difficult. From the hillbilly meets Pink Floyd guitars on 'Chasing Ghosts With Alcohol' to the orchestral, cinematic 'Charley Patton Songs', I have no problem calling How We Operate absolutely brilliant. Longtime fans of Gomez have always known how great the band is. Now it is time for everybody else to see how special they really are. 

