Yet another seven broadcasts for all the C2C FREAKS out there! I hope you all definitely enjoy and please, please seed. Thank you all in advance! Stokeman Out! Later All!

Friday November 16th, 2007
Meet the Robinsons
In the first hour, George was joined live in the studio by actors Bill Mumy and Angela Cartwright. Known for their roles as Will and Penny Robinson (pictured) on the '60s television show Lost in Space, the two shared some of their experiences working... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Open Lines, Angela Cartwright, Bill Mumy

Saturday November 17th, 2007
Evidence for Bigfoot
Scientist, author and expert in human locomotor adaptations Jeffrey Meldrum reported on the work of a team of experts from a wide variety of fields who were assembled to examine the evidence for Bigfoot...
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): Dr. Jeffrey Meldrum

Sunday November 18th, 2007
Rebroadcast: Matt Savinar from 11/1/07
Sunday's show was a rebroadcast from 11/1/07, featuring researcher Matt Savinar, who spoke about the peak oil crisis during the first three hours. In the last hour, Jerome Corsi discussed the abiotic oil theory, which suggests that oil is not formed by... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Matt Savinar, Jerome Corsi

Monday November 19th, 2007
Star Wars Science
Writer Jeanne Cavelos discussed how after 30 years, Star Wars still remains an amazing vision for the future, and that a number of George Lucas' concepts are being theorized or demonstrated in science. For instance, 'hyperspace' travel-- going from one... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Jeanne Cavelos, General Parviz Jafari, Dr. Roger Leir

Tuesday November 20th, 2007
Global Conspiracy
Author and speaker David Icke returned for a discussion on his new work on the 'Global Conspiracy.' This conspiracy goes back thousands of years, he said: At one time there was a global society of great advancement, but after a cataclysm ended their...
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): David Icke, Christian Wilde

Wednesday November 21st, 2007
Magic Feats
Joining George for a live in-studio appearance, during the middle two hours, were 'Psychic Madman' Jim Karol and fellow Phenomenon contestants Mike Super (the winner) and Angela Funovitz (runner-up). Karol demonstrated his memory feats, identifying the... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Jim Karol, Hans King, Angela Funovits, Mike Super

Thursday November 22nd, 2007
JFK Assassination Special V
In our 5th JFK Assassination Special a variety of guests presented theories and evidence that generally ran counter to the single gunman theory of the Warren Commission. An exception to that was second hour guest, radio host John Ziegler, who recently... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Dr. Cyril Wecht, Walt Brown, William E. Kelly, Robert Groden, Dr. Gary Aguilar, John Judge, Robert Kiviat, John Ziegler