"The Zionists brought us to the Holocaust. It is well known that it was possible to redeem Jews from the Nazis with money, and save many hundreds of thousands of Jews in Hungary...THE ZIONIST LEADERS WHO NOW SIT IN GOVERNMENT PREVENTED IT!"

-- Rabbi Shlomo Zalman Ehrenreich (circa 1954)

To the billions of people around the world who know only the standard Establishment version of 20th Century history, the above quotation is incomprehensible, its implications impossible to fathom. Adolf Hitler and the Nazis were the sworn enemies of all Jews, they will say, and to suggest there could be any collusion between Zionists and Hitler's Third Reich is both beyond belief and a slap at the memory of those who died at the hands of  Nazi persecutors.

Incomprehensible, perhaps, but by no means impossible. The Zionist-Nazi collaboration, however suppressed it has been to the general public, is a little-known, but crucial, part of European history, one that continues to profoundly shape and affect world events in the 21st Century.

This mind-boggling voyage is but one of many facts which have been compiled and collated, and which is presented in this DVD by Jim Condit Jr. in this fascinating new DVD entitled    The Final Solution to Adolf Hitler. This thorough analysis examines Hitler's career and influence, from his humble beginning in Austria to his appointment as German Chancellor by President Paul von  Hindenburg (see photo right), from his ascent to absolute dictator of the Third Reich to his role in bringing about the modern state of Israel and the emerging world government.

Along the way it blazes new paths in historical revisionism into unexplored areas of research where Establishment historians and even most revisionists fear to tread. The Final Solution to Adolf Hitler will prove a welcome eye-opener for many, including anti-Zionist Jews. Yet it is also sure to infuriate some of today's self-perceived polar opposites, neo-Nazis and Jewish Supremacists, because it shatters their respective cherished (but now demolished) myths on such subjects as Hitler, the Third Reich, World War II and the Holocaust.

Read more: http://www.thefinalsolutiontoadolphhitler.com/

Filesize.....: 684 MB
Runtime......: 02:22:36
Video Codec..: DivX6
Video Bitrate: 600 kb/s
Audio Codec..: MP3
Audio Bitrate: 64 kb/s
Frame Size...: 640x480