I was looking for replacement for Nero which turned to bloatware. And finally I have found it, moreover it is freeware. I would like to share it with you because I know that many people are looking for such an app. The company which made it well known in corporate environments (IBM, Bosch and BMW use their applications so the quality of code is rather high).



The description of the producer of the application:



StarBurn CD/DVD/Blu-Ray/HD-DVD recording and mastering application


Grab and burn any CD or DVD, Blu-Ray or HD-DVD media.

StarBurn (100% based on StarBurn SDK) is a powerful tool for grabbing, burning and mastering CD, DVD, Blu-Ray and HD-DVD media. StarBurn supports all types of optical storage media (including CD-R/RW, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW, BD-R/RE, HD-DVD-R/RW and DVD-RAM) as well as a wide variety of burning hardware.

With StarBurn you can perform grabbing, copying and burning operations as well as advanced DVD authoring and mastering. These advanced features enable you to create DVD-Video content from custom video files, or compilations from other DVDs. Additionally with the DVD Splitting Wizard you can split DVD-Video discs into smaller parts and burn them to DVD writable discs or share them with the StarPort DVD-ROM emulator and watch DVD video directly on your PC. This enables you to create copies of 8.5 GB dual layer DVDs with just a few mouse clicks.

StarBurn is easy to learn and to use. In addition to advanced DVD authoring and mastering features StarBurn offers a number of step-by-step wizards for novice users.

StarBurn has a Quick Start Wizard that provides to simplify frequently used operations such as disc copying, grabbing and splitting DVDs.


Key Benefits:

Keep Original Discs Scratch Free: Duplicate CD/DVD/Blu-Ray/HD-DVD media in 1:1 mode. Extract individual data tracks from DVDs and store them as ISO image files on your hard disk. You can always burn them later to create and backup copy of the original movie. Or use a software DVD player to watch DVD-Video from an ISO image mounted with any CD/DVD emulator (we suggest you use Rocket Division Software StarPort or Alcohol 120% from Alcohol Software). Grab sound tracks from audio CDs and store them as set of compressed Windows Media Audio (WMA) files on your hard disk. 

Create Data Backups: Burn your photos, spread sheets, home work results etc. to CD/DVD/Blu-Ray/HD-DVD. A hard disk crash would no longer be fatal to your family archives or PhD work.

Work with Portable Audio: Produce collections of compressed Windows Media Audio (WMA) files using your audio CDs as a source. Use resulting WMA files with portable media players such as an Apple iPod. Burn these collections of WMA files to CDs or DVDs to listen in a WMA-compatible audio system such as a car stereo or stand-alone CD/DVD player. 

Create Custom Movies:: Split single DVD9 to pair of DVD-R(-RW, +R, +RW, -RAM) with automatic main movie sequence extraction. Now you don't need to purchase expensive writable double/dual layer DVD to backup your double layer DVD9 media. Use set of VOBs to create your very own DVD-Video compilation.


Key Features:



  All MMC (Multi-Media Command Set) compatible CD/DVD/Blu-Ray/HD-DVD burning hardware is supported. StarBurn deals with devices in a "generic" mode meaning you don't need to get an updated version of our software to support a brand new burner.

  CD-R/RW, DVD-R/RW, DVD+R/RW, BD-R/RE, HD-DVD-R/RW and DVD-RAM media supported. Including modern high-capacity double layer DVD+R and dual layer DVD-R.

  UDF (Universal Disc Format) file system mastering (UDF 1.02, 1.50 and 2.01). Files larger then 2 GB and with names up to 2048 characters long can now be stored on optical media. You don't need to use third-party tools to split your huge database backups or rename long file names before burning them. 

  ISO9660 file system mastering (including Joliet Unicode extensions). The most compatible file system virtually any machine can read.

  Bridge file system (ISO9660/UDF for DVD-Video creation) mastering. StarBurn creates bridge file system which is DVD-Video compatible. This media can be read with both stand-alone DVD players and ancient Windows 95 and DOS machines.

  Session import (appending already created CD/DVD/Blu-Ray/HD-DVD media). In this mode you can use the same media for sequential recording daily. New data will perfectly co-exist with previously recorded data. The only limitation is the physical media capacity.

  DVD-Video main sequence (movie) extraction. StarBurn can re-master the DVD and extract only the movie. This allows you to include just the movie content and without the trailers and advertising from the original DVD. Unwanted video won't be copied, the main movie sequence will be extracted and stored on your hard disk or directly recorded to optical media on-the-fly. 

  Audio content processing. StarBurn can store audio tracks as WAV (uncompressed) and WMA (compressed Windows Media Audio) files. You can create extra copies of your audio CD collection and listen directly from your PC hard disk. Or you can load compressed audio into portable player or car audio. StarBurn also is capable of burning WAV and WMA files back to create re-mastered audio CDs. So if you have an old CD-player or car audio that can't play MP3/WMA compressed data you can create an ordinary audio CD from files stored on your hard disk. StarBurn is capable of processing or compressed audio streams on-the-fly. This means it can burn an audio CD from MP3/WMA files without de-compressing them and storing an intermediate copy on your hard disk. This is MUCH faster then doing everything in two steps: first decoding and then actual burning. 

  Track-At-Once (TAO) and Disc-At-Once (DAO) (RAW) recording modes. In TAO everything is handled by the drive, application just passes 2048 bytes/sector streams (data) or 2352 bytes/sector streams (audio). With DAO application creates a raw virtual CD image and writes with 2448 (DAO96) or 2368 (DAO16) bytes/sector streams. TAO is the most compatible mode and preferred for data (the only mode to create multisession CDs) and DAO allows ou to create gap-less audio CD, add CD-Text and CD+G information and some additional features. 

  DVD-Video authoring code (make own movie from a set of the VOB files). When working in this mode you can save some VOBs from other DVD-Video compilations or get custom VOBs a third-party DVD authoring tool had created.

  El Torito (bootable CD/DVD/Blu-Ray/HD-DVD). With this feature it's trivial to create custom recovery optical media. Use CD/DVD/Blu-Ray/HD-DVD as a very big floppy boot disk.

  DVD9 ? 2 DVD-R(+R) convertion. In this mode StarBurn will backup dual layer stamped DVD9 DVD-Video disc into a pair of two DVD single layer recordables. These days a pair of two single layer recordable discs is still cheaper then single double/dual layer recordable. StarBurn will allow you to save quite a lot when making backup of you home DVD-Video collection.


Enjoy!
