ARTIST: Switchfoot
TITLE: Nothing Is Sound
LABEL: Columbia Records
GENRE: Rock
BITRATE: 233kbps avg
PLAYTIME: 0h 51min total
RELEASE DATE: 2005-09-13
RIP DATE: 2005-08-13

Track List
----------
01. Lonely Nation                   3:45
02. Stars                           4:20
03. Happy Is A Yuppie Word          4:51
04. The Shadow Proves The Sunshine  5:04
05. Easier Than Love                4:29
06. The Blues                       5:18
07. The Setting Sun                 4:24
08. Politicians                     3:28
09. Golden                          3:36
10. The Fatal Wound                 2:44
11. We Are On Tonight               4:42
12. Daisy                           4:19

Release Notes:

Sparrow Records/Columbia Records is set to release Nothing Is Sound, the
fifth studio album from the multi-platinum San Diego-based rock band
Switchfoot, on September 13.

"Stars," the first single from Nothing Is Sound, is last week's #1 Most
Added record at Modern Rock radio.

Nothing Is Sound will be available as both a traditional CD and as a
DualDisc featuring the entire album in 5.1 Surround Sound plus exclusive
behind-the-scenes footage of the band on-the road and in the studio.

The new Switchfoot album arrives two years after the release of the
group's major label debut, the RIAA double-platinum The Beautiful
Letdown, which yielded two Top 5 mainstream hit singles: "Meant to Live"
and "Dare You to Move."

Since the release of The Beautiful Letdown, Switchfoot, whose
transcendent live performances are legendary among the group's intensely
loyal fan base, has sold more than one million concert tickets worldwide
while the group's two long-form videos, "Live in San Diego" and
"Switchfootage," have each been certified RIAA platinum.

"This record was written in back alleys and hotel rooms far from home,"
says frontman and primary songwriter Jon Foreman, explaining the
difference between Nothing Is Sound and its predecessor. "It's more
eclectic, less settled, with more dissonance. We've tried to capture the
emotional ride that happens on stage and put it into the studio. Playing
that hard every night really stretches you, and all these diverse
experiences have played a key role in shaping this record."

Touring nonstop behind The Beautiful Letdown, Switchfoot had no choice
but to write and record the bulk of the follow-up album on the road.
"We wanted to release a record this summer, and we were trying to
figure out when in the world we would have time to record it," Foreman
admits. "So we took out a second set of gear, tiny drums and amps, and
set up in the dressing room every day and got songs ready. While the
opening bands were playing, we were in some tiny room trying to make a
record."

While this on-the-fly approach was predicated on necessity, it did have
one major benefit--enabling the band to road-test a new song in front
of a highly vocal crowd immediately after it was finished. "A lot of
times you know a song is good but not how it's going to translate
live," Foreman points out. "Something might be good in the studio, but
you have to change a lot of things to make it work live. These songs
were developed for the live show. I've heard that's how bands used to
do it back in the day."

Thus, Switchfoot fans may already be familiar with such new songs as
"Stars," the first single, "Politicians," "Easier Than Love," "Lonely
Nation," "The Shadow Proves the Sunshine," "We Are One Tonight" and
"Happy Is a Yuppie Word," whose title was taken from a Bob Dylan quote
Foreman happened upon, while the album title was drawn from his
resulting lyric.

The band wound up recording parts of the album in unfamiliar locales as
far away as South Africa, and other parts as close to home as one can
get--Foreman's San Diego bedroom. John Fields, who produced The
Beautiful Letdown, oversaw the sessions and put them all together for
Nothing Is Sound. "If you can combine the more-professional-sounding
elements with the honesty of doing it yourself, those are the best
records," Foreman asserts. "They're honest and pure but listenable."

Foreman's writing was inevitably influenced by what must've felt like a
never-ending tour, but Nothing Is Sound is far deeper and more complex
than its origins might lead one to believe. "For me, the past few years
have been an emotional and chaotic time--so many changes, so many
strange memories, like a dream that unfolds in the waking hours,"
Foreman explains. "And all of these new songs have been a diary of this
strange part of our journey, about the search for truth and beauty in
uncertain times and places.

"The world is at a very volatile stage, with the war and how fast things
are changing," he continues. "But deeper than that, the idea that there
is an instability within myself and humanity as a whole--that's where
these songs are coming from."

According to Foreman, Nothing Is Sound marks a sort of culmination for
Switchfoot, which formed in 1997. "I almost feel like everything we've
been through as a band up till now has been like a warm-up, as though
we've been preparing this record for eight years," he says. "The
Letdown put us through the fire on many levels, and we've come out the
other side more united than we've ever been. There's this urgency and
immediacy in the camp, like this record might be the most important
thing we've ever done together."

Speaking of doing important things together, the band recently hosted
its inaugural Switchfoot Bro-Am surf competition, a benefit for the
nonprofit organization Care House, which aids homeless children and
young mothers in San Diego County.





armis