Baise-moi (2000) AKA "Rape Me" AKA "Fuck Me"

IMDB Link:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0249380/

----

I've received many requests for this film, so here it is.  This is not a porno, so let's hope that the fucking trackers that bitched last time, actually open up IMDB and take a look at what their tracker is tracking before pissing away a good movie.

External English subs in VOBsub format.

----

Mini Plot:

Based on the novel by Virginie Despentes of the same title. Manu and Nadine lose their last tenuous relationship with main-stream society when Manu gets raped and Nadine sees her only friend being shot. After a chance encounter, they embark on an explosive journey of sex and murder. Perhaps as a revenge against men, perhaps as a revolt against bourgeois society, but certainly in a negation - almost joyful in its senseless violence - of all the codes of a society which has excluded, raped and humiliated them. Controversial for its violence and real sex scenes: a vividly nihilist road movie set in France.

or

Manu, a hardened young waif is violently raped by a group of savage young thugs. Nadine, a tough-skinned prostitute, sells her body but refuses to give up her soul to the world's oldest profession. Angry at the world, they embark on a twisted rage-filled road trip.

----

What Others Have Said:

1.   The other members' reviews make it clear that foreign psychological studies aren't for everyone. Suffice it to say that this movie received a standing ovation at the Toronto film festival. It is an excellent movie about female sexual rage. It is very hardcore, both in regards to violence and sex, but both are essential to the plot. To say that there was no motivation to the violence and sex and no emotion by the actresses is laughable if sad. If you can handle it you won't see a more frank and brutal treatment of the subject of female sexual rage when it becomes overwhelming to the point of stripping one of one's humanity. These women have given up trying to be a part of a society that has brutalized them. The brutality and the hoplessness of acheiving any form of redress have reduced them to a primitive psychological state in which the id, rather than the ego, is their ruling psychological force. In essence, they have become dangerous wounded animals and they behave as such.


2.   Definitely NOT for everyone. it's very extreme and the controversy is inevitable, but if you don't mind extreme sex and violence... i actually thought the actresses were well cast and did a pretty good job. it's a little dark, disturbing, sorta taps into the emptiness, suicidal rage, incorporates a twisted sense of humor.. i personally felt it was worth watching, though i wouldn't reccomend it to just anyone. if you're disturbed by porn or extreme violence, don't be stupid, pick something else.
  

3.  While it IS quite graphic and some might even say unwatchable, it is nonetheless a powerful and important film which pushes the envelope of "mainstream" movies. This is a daring movie that isn't for everyone, but if you want to see a movie that delivers without flinching or panning away when movies usually do, then I recommend Baise-Moi.


4.  Not another toxic "feel-good-for-idiots" film. It is not very pleasant to watch. Very much to the american taste with its very violent content and explicit very violent sex. So what is the problem? Those who attacked this film are typically living in sheer denial of their unbridled obsession with violence and sex.Otherwise they would not be so unduly excitable about this. Disregard their self-validating rants The rest of us, who believe in humanity, not plastic dogma, can relax and enjoy this very poignant portrait of desperation.Not justifiable in terms of inspirational content, but nevertheless very real and human. Attacking the production value of this film is pointless and very immature.

----

Fun Facts:

1.  This film is banned in Australia. It was initially released to a select audience but the Commonwealth government, by use of police force, closed down the screenings.


2.  In Canada the movie went before the Ontario review board and was originally banned because it was too pornographic. The film was then re-submited to the review board under a pornographic license but it was refused because there was too much violence. But the film had received the right to be shown at the Toronto film festival and was available in the provinces of British-Columbia and Québec. Finally on 8 March 2001 the review board gave the movie an 18A license.


3.  This sexually-explicit film not only stars two adult film stars, but is also co-directed by one, Coralie.

----

Encoded by: sickboy88
Codec: XviD 1.1.0 Beta 2
Bitrate: 1182 kb/s AVG
Aspect: 640x480 = 1.33:1
Audio: English, 128 kb/s VBR AVG Stereo @ 48K Hz
Subtitles: External: English - VOBsub Format
Runtime: 01:13:59
FPS: 23.976

----

If you are going to watch this, you'll want to install the NEW XviD codec:

Now at Beta 2!

http://www.koepi.org/XviD-1.1.0-Beta2-04042005.exe

For top quality, make sure you use the XviD decoder configerator, and turn
on (Y) and (UV) deblocking, and the new feature of
XviD 1.1.0 (Y) and (UV) DERINGING.

If you have a slow computer, please turn off pre-processing. I don't want
another stupid motherfucker telling me that my movies are out of sync
because they are totally computer illiterate.