Games : Windows : Full Game : English
(Arkanoid) Psycon Software - Cybersphere and Cybersphere Plus
A Preserved for Posterity Release
November 4, 2007

As the name implies, Preserved for Posterity exists for the sole
purpose of preserving the past, well into the future. When PfP began,
we weren't too certain as to the best method of achieving this goal.
As a result, there are a few PfP releases floating around out there in
cyberspace that should probably be deleted and forgotten due to their
extreme inelegance and awful design. In fact, any PfP release prior to
October 1, 2007 should be considered Recycle Bin fodder! Uninstall and
delete those old releases and keep an eye out for much improved
replacements - You will not be disappointed!

Our intent is to locate old software, which is no longer available for
sale (this is typically referred to as Abandonware, Orphanware, or
some other such moniker) and create new setups (installers) which
allow these blasts from the past to function correctly on modern PC's.
To achieve this, we make the best possible use of tools such as
DOSBox, VDMSound and the ever present Windows Command Interpreter
(when working with MS-DOS applications). Improved installers are
created for older Windows based applications.

This release contains the full registered versions of Psycon Software's
Cybersphere PC and Cybersphere Plus PC. Notice the PC at the end...
that is because these games were originally released for the Commodore
Amiga and then later ported to the PC and MS-DOS by the author, Clay
Hellman. These games are similar to Arkanoid, Breakout, DX-Ball, etc.
and are great fun. We have many fond memories of these games in the
late 1990's.

This installer has been assembled with the modern PC in mind, and thus
these games may be played under emulation via DOSBox 0.72, partial
emulation via VDMSound 2.1.0, or directly via the Windows Command
Interpreter. These three options should ensure that almost any PC will
be able to properly execute the games.

In an attempt to make this as simple as possible, this installer will
install the games and create the following program group:
START>PROGRAMS>GAMES>DOS>PSYCON SOFTWARE
With the following subgroups:
CMD
Documentation
DOSBox
VDMSound

The icon in the CMD group will launch the games via the Windows
Command Interpreter. If you are using Windows 95, 98 or ME, then
depending on configuration (hardware), you may or may not have sound.
If you are using Windows NT, 2000, XP or later, then it is almost
certain that you will NOT have sound. The games play fine, just in
infinite silence. Fear not, there is a solution to this dilemma.
READ ON...

The icon in the DOSBox group will launch the games via DOSBox full
emulation. If your PC is fast enough to run DOSBox smoothly, this is
definately the preferred method of running old DOS-Based games under
any 32-bit version of Windows. All of the sound hardware required by
the Psycon Software games is fully emulated in DOSBox.

The icon in the VDMSound group will launch the games via VDMSound
partial emulation. If your PC isn't fast enough to run DOSBox smoothly,
then this is the next best option. VDMSound doesn't fully emulate all
of the sound hardware required by the Psycon Games, but it will at
least give you some sound with the Psycon games. Note that VDMSound is
intended for use only with Windows NT class Operating Systems (NT, 2K,
XP) and will not function with Windows 9x Class Operating Systems (95,
98, ME).

The icons in the Documentation group are the little bits of info that
are relative to the Psycon Software games.

Obviously, for the VDMSound shortcuts to work, VDMSound has to be
installed, but don't worry, it's installer will launch as part of this
setup (during the VDMSound setup, select all options or "Complete
Install"). If VDMSound is not compatible with your system (or Operating
System), you can simply cancel the VDMSound setup and the rest of this
setup will complete successfully (no harm, no foul) - the icons in the
VDMSound group just won't function.

The required DOSBox files are automatically installed as part of this
setup - no need to worry if you already have DOSBox installed -
everything will work out just fine.

The following DIRectories (folders) are created:
My Documents\Inno Setup scripts
My Documents\Disk Images\Floppy\1.44M
Program Files\DOS Applications
Program Files\DOS Applications\Psycon Software

The Inno Setup scripts folder will contain the script used to generate
this installer via Jordan Russell's Inno Setup Compiler. The 1.44M
folder will contain a 1.44Mb floppy diskette image (Psycon.imz) of the
original, unmodified Psycon Software files. This image was created with
WinImage 8.10.8100. Winimage or other diskette image software is
required for manipulation of the diskette image. The DOS Applications
folder will contain the most current version of the DOSBox application
(as available at the time of this installers creation). All PfP
releases that require DOSBox will place it in this same spot. Newer
PfP releases will then, tend to have newer versions of DOSBox. The
Psycon Software folder will contain the actual games. You may safely
delete the Inno Setup scripts and Disk Images folders at any time if
you decide that you have no need of the setup script or original floppy
diskette image.

The following is borrowed from: 
http://www.classicdosgames.com/psycon.html

Cybersphere
Psycon Software, 1996

Cybersphere is simply the best "ball and paddle" game I've ever played.
It's like Arkanoid, but with better graphics, music, and sound. There
are some new power-ups, as well as gems to collect for bonus points,
and the gameplay is unusually fun. One of the power-ups temporarily
places a guard rail at the bottom of the level. Each level has a
different background and walls. Even the guard rail has many different
appearances. Naturally, multi-ball is also available. There's very
little empty space in the game, which seems to make it easier to keep
the ball in play, eliminating the frustration factor common to most
games of this genre. Angled corners and edges help to virtually
eliminate the problem of hitting that one last block, which is the
scourge of the genre. To keep it challenging, some levels have
invisible blocks that only become visible after being hit. There are 5
sectors with various numbers of levels and 10 bonus stages in this
game, with only one sector containing three levels and two bonus stages
in the demo version.

Cybersphere Registered Version (70k) 15 April 1996
Cybersphere Shareware Version (47k) 15 April 1996

Author Clay Hellman has generously released this game as freeware.


Cybersphere Plus
Psycon Software, 1997

Cybersphere Plus is the sequel to Cybersphere, with all new levels and
identical gameplay. The graphics, music, and level design remain
excellent. There are 5 sectors with various numbers of levels and 10
bonus stages in this game, with only one sector containing three levels
and two bonus stages in the demo version.

Cybersphere Plus Registered Version (75k) November 1997
Cybersphere Plus Shareware Version (47k) 3 February 1998

Author Clay Hellman has generously released this game as freeware.

(Arkanoid) Psycon Software - Cybersphere and Cybersphere Plus (PfP) FULL REGISTERED VERSIONS