CHER - THE FAREWELL TOUR
2003

POPULAR RATING: 9/10 Stars

REVIEW: (Amazon.com)
If her 2002 tour really was her last--and after being "an evil frickin' diva for 40 frickin' years," as she puts it, she just might mean it--Cher has definitely left us something to remember her by. In the course of this 92-minute concert (plus loads of extra features), she wears enough different costumes and wigs to outfit a small (if rather odd) town, surrounds herself with dancers and acrobats galore, shows clips from her old TV series, and even plays all the roles in a delightful mini-version of West Side Story (one of the extras). Oh, and she sings too, covering everything from the Sonny & Cher years to her early solo career and her renaissance as a disco diva via "Believe." Bottom line: The Farewell Tour is a dynamic, sometimes silly, always entertaining show. As Cher herself notes, Britney, J-Lo, and all the others have a tough act to follow. --Sam Graham

Description:
The only woman to have a top 10 single in each of the last four decades! Cher's awards and accolades are endless. The Pop Legend, Rock #n' Roller, Director, Oscar-Winning Actress and Critically Acclaimed Broadway Star has won an Artist Achievement Award and the Dance/Club Play Artist of the Year Award as well as the 2002 Billboard Music Award and a Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording, "Believe". Reflecting her amazing 40 years as the ultimate female superstar and filmed before an ecstatic Miami crowd, the concert touches on every level of Cher's phenomenal career: her triumphs in music, TV, theater and movies, including a special tribute to The Sonny and Cher Show. Songs: I Still Haven't Found What I'm Looking For, Song for the Lonely, Gayatri Mantra, All or Nothing, I Found Someone, Bang Bang (My Baby Shot Me Down), Sonny & Cher Medley (The Beat Goes On/Baby Don't Go/I Got You Babe), All I Really Wanna Do (Medley, Part 1), Half-Breed (Medley, Part 2), Gypsies, Tramps and Thieves (Medley, Part 3), Dark Lady (Medley, Part 4), Take Me Home, The Way of Love, After All (Love Theme from Chances Are), Just like Jesse James, Heart of Stone, The Shoop Shoop Song (It's in His Kiss), Strong Enough, If I Could Turn Back Time, Believe.

Running Time: 91 Min.
"Widescreen" format, DVD Rip
VIDEO: XVID 23.976fps 544x304
AUDIO: 128Kbps 48000Hz 2 channel