(Buena Vista Social Club)

Ibrahim Ferrer - Mi Suen~o (My Dream)

When Grammy-winning Buena Vista Social club lead vocalist Ibrahim Ferrer died in August 2005 at the age of 78, he was within a few weeks of accomplishing a lifelong ambition: to record an album of suave, sexy, elegant Cuban boleros. The first acknowledged tune of the genre, "Tristezas," was composed in Santiago by Pepe S?nchez during the late 1800s. The form was descended from a Spanish waltz-like dance of the same name, which in turn evolved from the French contradanse and, even earlier on, from English rural styles. Strangely, Ferrer had repeatedly been told that his voice was not sufficiently "manly" for these leisurely, achingly romantic ballads. But judging by the present tracks--and despite the inevitable depredations of age, which only give his interpretations an added, rueful vulnerability--this is demonstrably untrue. The singer's reedy tenor, in some cases rescued from high-quality demos with instrumentals recorded posthumously, touches places in a listener's soul that no power-popster with an umpteen-octave range and mud-slides of melisma could remotely approach. Ferrer is joined by BVSC band-mates Ruben Gonzalez (piano) and Omara Portuondo (vocals) on one tune each and is accompanied by the soulfully rinky-tink piano of Roberto Fonseca, Orlando "Cachaito" Lopez's sinuous, resonant acoustic bass and Manuel Galban's sensitive guitar, with Ramses Rodrigues and Emilio del Monte manning trap drums and percussion. Overall, Mi Suen~o ("My Dream") has a late-night feeling, as though captured amid an after-hours jam in a smoky, malt-scented Havana nightclub, long after sleeves have been pushed up and chairs piled on the tables. --Christina Roden
(Amazon.com editorial review)

Files
01- Dos Almas.mp3
02- Si Te Contara.mp3
03- Melodia Del Rio.mp3
04- Cada Noche Un Amor.mp3
05- Deuda.mp3
06- Uno.mp3
07- Convergencia.mp3
08- Quiereme Mucho.mp3
09- Perfidia.mp3
10- Copla Guajira.mp3
11- Quizas, Quizas.mp3
12- Alma Libre.mp3
relase-notes.txt

Album cover encoded in each track (Visible in iTunes, Winamp, others)
Format: MP3, CBR 320 Kbit/s, 44100, stereo. encoders Xing, LAME 3.93.

Enjoy!

Pastafari 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pastafari

Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
http://venganza.org
