La Captive (The Captive) is inspired by parts of the fifth volume of Marcel Proust's multi-volume novel 'A la recherche du temps perdu';  incidentally one of my favourite novels and, I think, the only impressionist novel one needs in life that I know of.

I think that the director of this film, Chantal Akerman, has made an adaptation of this part of the novel that is about as good as it is possible to ever make a film based on this incredibly rich novel.

The screenplay has been limited to deal with the main character's compulsory behaviour towards a young woman he loves and loathes (loathes because he's emotionally tied to her and therefore captivates himself by not letting her go, which he often feels he needs to do). In order to control her social behaviour, the young man, rich enough not having to work for a living (but indefinitely planning to write a novel) virtually locks her up in his flat and monitors her moves, behaviour and social calls.

He is very jealous and suspicious in general, but what really throws him into a fit of paranoia and obsessive behaviour is when he starts suspecting that she is really a lesbian, and that she sees girls when he doesn't know about it. After all, other men he can compete with, he sort of knows that kind of game; but he knows he would never be able to compete with women because with them, he's really out of the competition. This situation causes both of them much distress.

When I saw this film I first felt that it was a little boring and flat but it grew a lot after a while and afterwards I knew I'd watch it several times more. You can enrich yourselves a lot if you give the novel a go, but you can't skip to the fifth part of the novel just to read the original story behind this film; one has to start from page one, or it probably won't be very meaningful.

NOTE: With this film I had to omit the menu/scene selection page, or else the copying software wouldn't have managed to copy the disc to HDD due to some fault. Therefore, there is no menu page included here (and no "FBI Warning" types of warning pages or similar adverts).

ANOTHER NOTE: This torrent I'm afraid I'm going to have to seed in portions, shutting down the computer when I'm at school. See it from the bright side :-) Those with slow lines will catch up better (if there is anybody who want this).

Uncompressed dvd PAL
Spoken language: French / Francais
Subtitles: English
1.85:1
Dolby Digital 2.0
cover included