I think this movie is excellently done. It tells Williams' story in vivid detail and lets you know a lot about him. Anyone who is in either the Bloods or the Crips needs to see this movie, as well as people who aren't in gangs, but want to know more about them. We watched this movie in my Health class last year and I became fascinated with Williams and how he tried to escape the violent life he'd led by doing good for others. This has changed the way I look at gangs and I really think people need to see this movie for their opinions to change as well. Tookie Williams admits that he regretted the things he did and for that, he deserves to be granted clemency...although that will never happen now. I feel sorry that such a good influence has to be destroyed. He didn't start out well but he more than made up for it. I suppose the ones too shallow to see that are the ones calling for his death, and truly I pity them. If they look upon his works and call them 
insignificant because they were written by a gang member then they are crazy and need to be shown what change is.

   Stanley "Tookie" Williams, at 43, has spent the past 16 years as an imate on San Quentin's Death Row in Northern California. His cell window faces the Richmond Bridge and a spectacular skyline of birds, boats, and a rippled bay. Yet he seldom looks out. "It would make the time I spend in prison even harder to deal with," he says.

How It Started

In the spring of 1971, when Tookie was 16, he was in a very different situation. He was a high school student from South Central Los Angeles.He had a fearsome reputation as a fighter and as a "general" of South Central's west side. And, around that time, Tookie, along with Raymond Lee Washington, created what would one day be a super-gang, the Crips.Back in the day when Tookie and Raymond founded the Crips,many of the young people of South Central Los Angeles were involved with small gangs. Those gang members roamed South Central taking property from anyone who feared them, including women and children. To protect the community, Tookie and Raymond organized the Crips.

How It Grew 

By 1979, the Crips had grown from a small Los Angeles gang to an organization with membership spread across the State of California. By this time, Crips had also become just like the gang members they had once sought to protect themselves from -- Crips had become gangbangers who terrorized their own neighborhoods.

Soon the Crips lost both their leaders: in 1979, Raymond was murdered by a rival gang member, and, that same year, Tookie was arrested. He was charged with murdering four people. In 1981, Tookie was convicted of those crimes and placed on death row. 

Life In Prison 

In 1987, Tookie began what became a 6 1/2-year stay in solitary confinement. After two years there, Tookie began to look at himself. He focused on the choices he had made in his life and then committed himself to make a drastic change. The long, difficult process he undertook to rebuild his character put him in touch with his true spirit, his own humanity. Only then could Tookie finally begin to care about the many children, mothers, fathers and other family members of this country hurt by the Crips legacy and by its explosive growth. The gang is now in 42 states and on at least one other continent: South Africa. Youngsters in Soweto and other South African cities have formed the Crips copycat gangs 

Tookie Today 

Tookie greatly regrets the violent history of the Crips -- particularly how so many young black men have hurt each other -- and he wants to do what he can to stop it. The Tookie Speaks Out Against Gang Violence book series for elementary-school-age children is the first fruit of his longing to prevent young people of every color from becoming gangbangers, from ending up in prison, crippled by bullets, or killed.

Tookie is determined to make amends for having been a co-founder of the Crips. He intends to try in every way he can to guide those youngsters who have imitated him away from the road that led him to death row where he faces State execution."Don't join a gang," he tells children in his books, writing from his San Quentin cell. "You won't find what you're looking for. All you will find is trouble, pain and sadness. I know. I did."
