Call of Duty 2 is a first-person shooter video game and sequel to the critically acclaimed game Call of Duty. It was developed by Infinity Ward and published by Activision. It was released on October 25, 2005 for PC and November 15, 2005 for the Xbox 360. Other versions were made for mobile phones as well as Pocket PCs and Smartphones.

The game is set during World War II and is experienced through the perspectives of three soldiers in the Red Army, British Army and United States Army.

The game was met with a positive public reception, receiving mostly positive reviews from critics.[2][3] The Xbox 360 version sold over 250,000 copies in its first week, and had sold 1.4 million copies by October 2006.[4][5]

Gameplay

Call of Duty 2 is a first-person shooter.[6] The player takes on the role of several Allied protagonists in specific missions during World War II. The player is limited to two different choices of weapons which can be swapped with those left on the battlefield, and also carries both fragmentation and smoke grenades. The player can use the battlefields tactically by taking a kneeling or prone stance in addition to standing, and using cover for both protection and stealth.[7] A compass on the heads-up display (HUD) shows both friends and foes, and objective markers to indicate locations the player must reach, areas to defend, or enemy cannons or tanks that the player must plant explosives on to disable. The player may also use stationary machine guns, mortar cannons, and flak cannons to take out enemy forces, in addition to specific missions where the player takes control of a tank to disable the enemies' tank force.[8]

The player has a set of binoculars. While it is generally ignored during infantry-limited gameplay, it is vital to the long-range use of the Flak 88s, Crusader MK 2 tanks and one of the missions in which the player must direct artillery fire to defend a town. It is also important for scouting, though most of the game takes place in personal, close combat situations reducing the importance of this tactic.

Should the player take damage, the screen will turn red and the sound of the character's heartbeat will become loud; the player must find a way to stay out of fire to recover before entering battle again or else will die and have to restart at the last checkpoint. Some attacks, like grenade explosions or tank blasts, will kill the player instantly if the player is too close to the center of the explosion.[9]

In April 2006, Infinity Ward released the Call of Duty 2 Radiant, which allows a player to create their own multiplayer or single player maps.[10] Along with Radiant, the mapmaker includes Maya plug-in support, an effects editor, and an asset manager which allows custom models to be made and imported into the game, as well as custom effects.[10]

[edit]
Multiplayer

Each PC multiplayer server can hold a maximum of 64 players, while the limit is eight players on the Xbox 360. There are a total of 13 official maps, and three of these are remakes from the original Call of Duty. There are also 3 expansion map packs named, Bonus Pack, Skirmish Pack, and Invasion Pack. They add an extra 8 maps combined and will bring you anywhere from Russia to France.

The maps vary from Normandy, Africa, and Russia during the winter. Each team can choose a variety of weapons, depending on the map and which teams are playing. Depending on the map, players can choose between American soldiers, Soviet soldiers, and British soldiers for the Allied forces, while the Axis forces must play as German soldiers.[11]

Call of Duty 2 features several game types: Deathmatch, Team Deathmatch, Search & Destroy, Capture the Flag and Headquarters.[12] Many of these game types are retained from the original Call of Duty and its expansion, United Offensive.