(from www.srs-store.com)

"SRS Audio Sandboxâ?¢ will provide amazing audio immersion and maximum thump for a personalized audio experience!

Sleek easy-to-use interface design with energizing sonic-like pulses 
Realistic & enjoyable surround sound 
Enjoy deep, rich bass 
Choose from many cool presets for all your music, videos and games 
Custom settings for headphones & desktop or surround speakers 
Compatible with all music, videos & games on the PC 
Compact mini mode display option 

Enhances a variety of content
The SRS Audio Sandbox was designed recognizing audio has become more important as many people use their PC for entertainment, both at home and on the road. With SAS you can customize your audio experience based on music, movie, video or game content.    

     
Audio enhancement & surround sound technologies that work perfectly with each content selection

SRS WOW HDâ?¢ - improves the audio performance of compressed and uncompressed audio by expanding the size of the audio image in the horizontal and verticle sound field and creating a deep, rich bass response. The patented techniques in SRS WOW HD also retrieve information lost in the mixing process to create a more natural audio experience 

SRS TruSurround XTÂ® - accurately reproduces multichannel content over two speakers for a realistic surround sound experience 

SRS Circle Surround IIÂ® - creates multichannel surround sound from any audio source, including mono and stereo, when played over a 5.1 or 6.1 speaker playback system 

SRS Headphone 360â?¢ - delivers true 5.1 surround experience over headphones 

     
Advanced audio enhancement features so you can tune and customize your music, movie or video


SRSÂ® 3D - 3D stereo enhancement for mono or stereo content 
SRS 3D Center Controlâ?¢ - a â??virtualâ?? zoom lens that dynamically extracts and positions the dialog in the foreground or background of the audio mix 

SRS TruBassÂ® - bass maximization 

SRS FOCUSâ?¢ - optimize speaker output to compensate and reposition audio placement 

SRS Definitionâ?¢ - delivers a more lively and brilliant sound by highlighting the high frequency details originally presented in the audio source 

SRS Dialog Clarityâ?¢ - makes the vocals easier to understand over surround audio effects (for movies and video) 

     
Surround Sound â?? regardless of speaker configuration


For users that have a 5.1 and or 6.1 surround sound configuration, the SRS Audio Sandbox creates true multichannel surround sound from any audio source, including stereo and mono. Conversely, for those computer setups commonly using only two speakers, the SRS Audio Sandbox takes multichannel content and uses a virtualizer to create place phantom speakers around the room, providing a realistic and enjoyable surround sound experience. 
     

System Requirements:

PC with Windows XP SP2 or Windows Vista
128 MB RAM "



How to use the crack?

First install SRS Audio Sandbox, after installation do not start it! Copy the crack ('SRSSSC') to C:/Program Files/SRS Labs/Audio Sandbox and overwrite the existed file. You can use it now unlimited ;-)