To take a trip back and to get ready for the upcoming season of Top Gear in October I've decided to get things started by uploading by older .isos of Top Gear.  So here is the first unofficial disc of Season 4...


Top Gear - Season 4, Episode 1 - 2004.05.09 In this episode:
(topgear_s4_d1.iso)
?	Jeremy shows what's coming up this season including a test drive of the Mercedes-Benz SLR McLaren on a track, Porsche GT3 RS, BMW 1 Series, Ferrari 612 Scaglietti, Porsche Carrera GT and a ton of other cars
?	Jeremy, Richard and James race from the studio to Monte Carlo - Jeremy by Aston Martin DB9 and Richard and James by normal train and bullet train - to see which is faster, trains or cars
?	Rover wouldn't let Top Gear test drive their "City Rover", so James went undercover to a dealership and did a review while on the test drive, all without getting the salesman to suspect a thing
?	Jeremy drives the new Lotus Exige around the Top Gear test track all while trying to avoid having a Apache gunship helicopter getting a missile lock on him
?	Star in a reasonably priced car: Fay Ripley from Frankenstein (1994) staring Robert De Niro

Top Gear - Season 4, Episode 2 - 2004.05.16 In this episode:
(topgear_s4_d1.iso)
?	Jeremy talks about the Alfa 166 and it's depreciation value
?	The Stig takes a 328 horsepower Alfa 147 GTA around the Top Gear test track
?	A nun, yes, a nun, drives a monster truck over some cars
?	Richard drives a Cadillac Escalade and talks about it's "bling" factor
?	Richard drives the 27 foot long "Fab 1", Lady Penelope's new car from the new Thunderbirds film
?	Paul McKenna, the guest driver, is a hypnotist and hypnotizes Richard into not remembering how to drive
?	Paul McKenna hypnotizes Richard again and convinces him that a little pedal toy 911 is his real car
?	Saving the best for last, Jeremy drives the Mercedes-Benz McLaren SLR around the Top Gear test track and compares it to the Mercedes-Benz SL55 followed by the Stig taking the SLR around the test track for a lap time
?	Star in a reasonably priced car: Paul McKenna
