THE DEAD ZONE FIRST SEASON (Stephen King?s TV serie)  DVD 2 of 4


The serie are 4 DVD, this is the second one.
Genre: Science fiction/suspense 
Year: 2002
Guion: Stephen King
Director: Michael Piller and  Shawn Piller
Cast: Michael Piller, Shawn Piller, Daniel Goldin, Arthur Wess, Joe McMoneagle, Karl Schaefer, Michael R. Perry, Michael Taylor, Moira Dekker, Shintaro Shimosawa, Christina Lynch, Moira Dekker, Loren Segan, Joel Metzger, James Morris, Michael Piller y Adam Targum

Extra Features:  Scene detection , deleted warnings
Image: 16:9, 1.78:1 
System: PAL

Audio:  Dolby Digital 5.1: Inglés (V.O.), Dolby Digital Estéreo: Spanish, German, Italian 
Subtitles:  Spanish. English, German, Italian, Turquish

Synopsis:Small-town teacher Johnny Smith is involved in a car accident that leaves him comatose for six years. After regaining consciousness, Johnny begins having visions of the past and future triggered by touching items or people; doctors attribute the visions to activity in a previously unused "dead zone" of his brain that is attempting to compensate for the impaired function of the portions injured in the accident. Johnny also learns that his fiancée, Sarah, gave birth to his son in the interim following the accident, but has since married another man.

With the help of Sarah, her husband Walt, and physical therapist Bruce, Johnny begins using his abilities to help solve crimes. However, his attempts to do good are complicated by intermittent visions of apocalyptic events brought about following the future election of congressional candidate Greg Stillson.

The show, credited as "based on characters" from Stephen King's 1979 novel The Dead Zone.

"THE DEAD ZONE continues to perform for USA Network, delivering higher ratings with every season," said USA executive Jeff Wachtel in a press release. "It is consistently one of the top-rated shows on basic cable and we're thrilled to continue to air it on our network. We have a great relationship with Lions Gate and our whole production team, and are excited to produce a new season of a great show with them."


Episodes (Season 1)

01.Wheel of Fortune 
02.What It Seems 
03.Quality of Life 
04.Enigma 
05.Unreasonable Doubt 
06.The House 
07.Enemy Mind 
08.Netherworld 
09.The Siege 
10.Here There Be Monsters 
11.Dinner with Dana 
12.Shaman 
13.Destiny

DVD9 to DVD5

Dvd Decrypter + DVD Rebuilder + CCE (9 pass)

- Reduction Level for DVD-5: 53,4%
- Overall Bitrate : 3.686Kbs
- Space for Video : 3.410.514KB
- HIGH/LOW/TYPICAL Bitrates: 4.046/819/3.686 Kbs
 
DVD1:  http://thepiratebay.org/tor/3524886

In a few days the third DVD, more info: www.solodvd.org
