
The One Eyed Dude



                delivers you with



                            ..: 3 Games for 1 Leech :..





:. Full Title #1 .:

.: Red Ace Squadron Full (c) Small Rockets :.



:. About .:


Fly a World War I bi-plane, and experience aerial combat in its purest form. 
No jets, no computers, no heat-seeking missiles - just the wind in your struts
and blazing machine-guns!

* Play over 14 single or multi-player missions
* Up to 8 pilots can play in multi-player mode
* Choose the camp (Allied Forces or Central Powers) in which you will fight to 
   defeat your enemies
* Reload your ammo, and repair your plane
* Fly the new twin-engine bombers: The Handley Page and the Gotha GIV
* Finish all the campaigns and gain access to a level reserved for master aviators
* Fly secret missions.

How to Run:

Double CLick > INSTALL.Game.exe < and read Info file included to get registration infos!.





2nd




:. Full Title #2 .:


..:: BLUPIMANIA 2 -.direct.play.edition.- ::..




:. About.:

BLUPIMANIA 2 is a real brain-crusher. In this original puzzle game
 for Windows, you have to solve different kinds of puzzles.
Some are easy, but don't be fooled,some are really hard.
Blupi, the little round yellow fellow climbs onto a really high tower.
Each floor is a game level with a puzzle that  has to be solved.
You must help Blupi find his balloon. As soon as he grabs it he flies
up to the next floor, where a new puzzle is waitingâ?¦




:. install .: (direct play , no install!)

double click > START-GAME.exe < to start game




3rd




:. Full Title #3 .:


..:: Chicken Village ! Full Version ::..




:. About.:

another chicken game... ohwell cant see em anymore.




:. install .:

double click > KentuckyFriedChicken-install.exe < to Install game

(see folder for keygen! and instructions!)



Special Info Note:

Some virus-scanner recognize the header of packed exe's as a lame virus (coz it's
the mostly byte by byte check error of 'em!. This is truly a false information!.




-ToeD