ARTIST: DJ Starscream
TITLE: The New Leader
LABEL: N20
GENRE: Drum & Bass
BITRATE: 143kbps avg
PLAYTIME: 0h  44min total
RELEASE DATE: 2006-08-29
RIP DATE: 2006-08-29

TRACK LIST

1. Introducing The New Leader      1:09
2. Deadman Remix                   3:11
3. Step To These                   3:42
4. Sword Sharpening Remix          4:22
5. FFwd Rew                        2:20
6. Rough This Year                 6:07
7. Kyukyoku "Fight" Remix          4:56
8. Riot In New York Remix          4:10
9. Twinpusher                      4:31
10.Come On Remix                   3:48
11.Swaying Vio-lyn                 2:30
12.LA Head Space                   3:25

RELEASE NOTES

Born Sid Wilson, 27 year old turntable virtuoso DJ Starscream traces his love of
music and the DJ trade all the way back to his first heartbeats. His vast
knowledge and appreciation of all music is attributed to his family, his own
curiosity of the technical aspects of his first love, and how various parts of
different music and songs could blend together. DJ Starscream listens to and
experiments with all varieties of music ranging from classical to metal.

Punk rock was DJ Starscreams first passion to perform, playing bass and
saxophone in various upstart punk bands, and that passion and attitude is
evident today in every project that he is involved with. In the studio, DJ
Starscream is a perfectionist in every sense of the word. He is constantly
pushing himself and his music to extreme limits. Onstage, his performances are
entrancing, not only musically but also in his own intense energy and
aggressiveness.

DJ Starscream made his major public debut in 1994 with Sound Proof Coalition, a
DJ crew based out of Des Moines, Iowa. Playing shows on the local scene as well
as across the Midwest and U.S., DJ Starscream and the S.P.C. were, and continue
to be major innovators in the DJ world. This 4 man crew celebrates its 10 year
anniversary in 2004, and is still constantly working on various projects
together and independently, developing new music and ideas to bring all genres
of music together.

During the late 90s DJ Starscream became associated with another group of
musicians based out of Des Moines. After checking out a few shows and practices,
DJ Starscream assumed another identity known as #(0), of the music group
Slipknot - a 9 man group that would go on to redefine ?metal? and be named one
of the best live, and most intricate bands in the world. Featured on the cover
of Rolling Stone magazine, other accomplishments include 3 Grammy nominations,
gold and platinum record sales, as well as best selling merchandise and videos.
DJ Starscream and Slipknot continue to recreate and expand their musical
abilities with the much anticipated release of their third album, as well as
major touring dates during the summer of 2004.

DJ Starscream continues to break musical barriers with his membership in the
newly formed music group AMPT. Featuring eastcoast hardcore DJ Rob Gee on vocals
and members of Biohazard, AMPT will redefine music in its own right with an
innovative combination of metal, hip-hop and electronica. With this musical
combination and background, AMPT will definitely be a force to be reckoned with,
now and in the future.

In addition to all of these collaborations and others, DJ Starscream continues
to record solo projects and perform solo DJ dates at venues around the world.
 
http://www.djstarscream.com/
