IMELDA
Unitel Pictures
DVD-Rip, DivX 5.2.1
699MB

A shoe-in.

Running time: 103 minutes. Not rated (poverty, violence). At the Film Forum, Houston Street, west of Sixth Avenue.

THE first thing brought to mind by mention of Imelda Marcos is shoes. Thousands of them. Enough, it was once said, that Mrs. Marcos could change shoes every day for 8 years and never wear the same pair twice.

But the story of the charismatic, narcissistic woman is more complex than that, as we learn in the fascinating documentary "Imelda."

Independent filmmaker Ramona S. Diaz spent six weeks with the former Philippine first lady, who — with her husband, President Ferdinand Marcos — brutally ruled the nation for 20 years, racking up a personal fortune in the billions while doing little for the impoverished residents.

Election fraud and civil-rights abuses went unchecked, and some have accused the two of killing a political rival.

The fashionably dressed Mrs. Marcos is ever so charming as she talks to the camera. You almost believe her when she says that her husband, who died in 1989 while in exile in Hawaii, "was so democratically committed."

(Once the darlings of the U.S. government, the Marcoses — with a push from Washington — fled the Philippines after a popular uprising in 1986.)

More difficult to understand is why, even after being convicted of corruption and losing a $2 billion human-rights lawsuit, she's treated like a conquering hero by the masses in her homeland.

There are wonderful old shots of Mrs. Marcos dancing with Henry Kissinger; being serenaded by George Hamilton ("We can't give you anything but love, Imelda"); holding hands with Mao; and meeting with the pope, Khadafy, Castro and former presidents Nixon, Reagan, Johnson and Carter.

Throughout, Mrs. Marcos comes across as an elitist, insulated against real life by wealth and power — yet one who truly believes she is misunderstood and has done nothing wrong.

As she tells Diaz: "I seem to be able only to see the positive things in life, and the beautiful things in life. When I see, for instance, garbage and ugliness, I turn my back."