(Buena Vista Social Club)

Barbarito Torres - Havana Cafe (1999)

Amazon.com essential recording
Barbarito Torres played as a guest instrumentalist on Buena Vista Social Club and A Toda Cuba Le Gusta before gathering together Cuba's premier musicians and recording this amazing debut. A sensual mix of Cuban son, danzon, and guaracha, Havana Cafe makes austere use of instrumentation, using only the laud (Cuban lute), guitar, percussion, and vocals to create a wall of wonderfully spirited music. "Hijo del Siboney" rings in the collection with bright melodies and vibrant guitars before the set goes on to boast gem after gem of traditional and contemporary Cuban music. Singer Pio Leyva lends his brassy bellow to two tracks, adding an authentic dimension that's refreshingly void of pretension and characteristic of this playful, joyous album. Singer Ibrahim Ferrer also appears in all of his romantic glory. It's rare when the "in the moment" chemistry of musicians collaborating is captured on disc, but with Havana Cafe, the chemistry is thankfully captured forever. --Karen Karleski

Buena Vista Social Club guests:
Ibrahim Ferrer, vocals
Omara Portuondo, vocals
Pio Leyva, vocals
Manuel -Guajiro- Mirabal, trumpet

Files:
01- Hijo Del Siboney.mp3
02- La Calabaza.mp3
03- Sarandonga.mp3
04- Corazon De Chivo.mp3
05- El Amor De Mi Bohio.mp3
06- Lagrimas Negras.mp3
07- Pensando En Ti.mp3
08- Yo No Se.mp3
09- Sublime Ilusion.mp3
10- Camina Pa'lo Chapiao.mp3
11- Cangrejo No Tiene Na.mp3
12- Los Celos De Mi Compay.mp3
13- El Tren (Pico Y Pala).mp3
14- Alla Voy.mp3
15- Que Viva Chango.mp3
Barbarito Torres - Havana Cafe [CD cover].jpg
release-notes.txt

The original CD has track 15 hidden in track 14 after about a minute of silence. I decided to bring it out as a separate track to enjoy freely.

Album cover encoded in each track (Visible in iTunes, Winamp, others)
Format: MP3, CBR 320 Kbit/s, 44100, stereo. encoder LAME 3.96

Enjoy!

Pastafari
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster  
http://venganza.org
