[ VA - Ski_Fi-Ix-Lam-At-Nizzel ]                                  
Artist........ VA                                                
Album......... Ski_Fi-Ix-Lam-At-Nizzel                            
Genre......... Psychedelic                                      
Label......... n/a                                              
Hyperlink..... n/a                                                
Catalog....... n/a                                              
Medium........ CDDA                                              
Encoder....... LAME 3.97                                      
Bitrate....... VBRkpbs                                          
Mode.......... Joint-Stereo                                    
Store.Date.... 2007-08                                          
Release.Date.. 2007-09-27                                      
Tracks........ 08                                                
Playtime...... 55:13 min                                        
Release.Size.. 72,5 MB                                            
[TRACKLiST]                            
01. Ski Fi - Babylon                            06:58    
02. Ski Fi - Blue Travel                        06:05    
03. Ski Fi - In To The Forest                  05:27        
04. Ix-Lam-At - Realese                        06:24    
05. Ix-Lam-At - Arrival                        08:21    
06. Nizzel And Saeg - Control Zone              07:30    
07. Nizzel - Tlanixco                          08:19        
08. Nizzel - Wall Brake                        06:09    
[REViEW]                                
Contact details:                                      
Nizzel    nizel1@hotmail.com                                           
Ski Fi    ulises_pascual@hotmail.com                               
IX-LAM-AT  cosmowich@hotmail.com                                     
Nizzel is a progressive trance project formed by            
Israel G. Vara. He started to produce a few years ago    
under this name and found a nice match between the      
progressive and the deepness of the trance music. You    
can find some releases on Sinn Tec Records, Iboga            
Mexico, Solarsiv & Yellow Sunshine Explosion, Spliff    
Records.                                              
Ski Fi is a project from Mexico City, formed by          
Israel Gutierrez Vara a.k.a. Nizzel and Ulises          
Pascual Villarreal a.k.a. Odiseo, they started to        
produce three years ago under the name "Ski Fi" with      
deep and tight bass lines, groove percutions and        
melodic morning sounds.                                
Ulises Pascual Villarreal has his own project called      
Odiseo, which he started in 2000 producing and djing        
under this name. He has releases with Yellow Sunshine    
Explosion, Plusquam, Aximy, Planet B.E.N., Iboga        
Mexico, Sinn Tec, Synergetic, Groove Control, Spliff      
Records.                                                      
Odiseo also performs with Hugo Riveroll a.k.a          
Hamelin as Xibalba, one of the most known mexican        
progressive trance live acts.                            
Israel Gutierrez Vara has his own personal project      
Nizzel and started producing and djing a few years ag    
under these name. You can find some releases on Sinn    
Tec Records, Iboga Mexico, Solarsiv & Yellow              
Sunshine Explosion, Spliff Records.                      
Both have been playing since the beginnig on the          
trance scene in Mexico. Finally they come together to    
start producing the live Ski Fi and some releases can        
be found with: Iboga Mexico, Sinn Tec, Plusquam,        
Yellow Sunshine Explosion, Spliff Records, Aximy,        
Planet B.E.N. Records and Synergetic. They are making    
an album for the next year. Their sound is totally            
fresh with good morning sound, perfect for the sun      
rise.                                                  
IX-LAM-AT is the most recent project formed by Luisa    
S. a.k.a. Cosmowich and Israel G. a.k.a. Nizzel - Ski    
Fi.                                                      
Born both in Mexico city at the beginning of 80's,      
have been fanatics of the elctronic music from the      
beginnings and have continued the evolution of this      
thru Psycodelic Music, finding a special sense to the    
evolution of this one.                                      
Inspired by big masters of the genre as: Freq, Antix,    
Atmos, D-Nox, Beckers, Yotopia and many others out of    
the genre like: Depeche Mode, Dead Can Dance, The            
Cure, Pink Floyd, Jethro Tull, etc, etc....              
Fully motivated they began to travel to different        
beaches along the country in search of inspiration,      
finding most of it in the Mexican Carib, discovering          
the big beauty and knowledge of the Mayan culture        
thru his cosmovision of the universe known by the big    
prophet of the time Pakal Votan. The Mayan were          
measuring the time in natural form, synchronized with      
the sun, the moon and the stars.                        
From this the theory arises that we all are a part of    
the universe and the stars have a big influence to        
our conscience and spirit.                                  
With this knowledge and working in Berlin, Ix-Lam-At    
is preparing great tracks to spend a magic summer and    
autumn this year!                                            
We would like to take the
opportunity to point out that psytrance
needs YOUR SUPPORT. We only want to
give you a preview in psytrance,
ambient and electronic music and
in our opinion this is absolutely
NO alternative to buying.
MP3 isnt the same as holding a
bought record in your hands !!
You need to feel the bass to go with the
flow ... and that's what mp3 just can't
give you. So better get it in high
quality, while it's still available
and not soldout.
Please support the artists and
especially smaller labels that make
it possible to enjoy the music you
seem to love that much!
Our releases are for scene internal use so
KEEP THEM OFF P2P AND OTHER PUBLIC PLACES!!
So much for now ...
meet ya @ the next party ... somewhere.
MYCEL - sending lamers to /dev/null since 2003
We bow our heads to our old friends.    
Deep respect to you!              
Also we would like to greet all of the      
still alive quality scenegroups/sceners!    
Ascii done with love to my lil d3vil.
