Essentially a movie involving the battle between the heroic Autobots and the evil Decepticons, two warring factions of transforming robots from the planet Cybertron, the plot also involves the giant planet named Unicron, who's ready to consume anything that stands in its way. The only thing that can stop Unicron is the Autobot Matrix of Leadership, which is possessed by the Autobots and which the Decepticons, through Unicron's orders, plan to take away from them.  Written by John "SNAP!!!MAN" Thorpe {snap_man@ix.netcom.com}

This theatrical movie based on the Transformers television show (which was based, in turn, on a popular multiform robot toy line) didn't go over very well at the box office. The movie is set in 2005, twenty years after the TV series, and chronicles the efforts of the heroic Autobots to defend their homeworld of Cybertron from the evil Decepticons and Unicron, a huge robotic creature who eats planets such as Cybertron. Written by Christopher E. Meadows {cmeadows@nyx.cs.du.edu}

It is the year 2005. The war between The Autobots and Decepticons has escalated all the way to Cybertron, which the Decepticons have reclaimed. The Autobots, without Optimus Prime after a conflict on Earth takes his life, must now face a destiny they know nothing of. Megatron and a group of forsaken Decepticons have been reformed by the ultimate transformer, a planet consuming demon known as Unicron into even deadlier warriors. Now Galvatron, Scourge and Cyclonus must destroy The Autobot Matrix of Leadership for Unicron's glory or suffer the horrific destruction of Cybertron. However, Optimus Prime has decreed that an Autobot will rise from his rank and use the power of The Matrix to light the darkest hour of the Autobots. With Hot Rod facing responsibility for Prime's death, he feels he may be able to use the power of the Matrix to turn the tide of the Cybertronian Wars and stop Unicron. Until all are one, the future of the Autobots and Decepticons is uncertain. Written by Geoffrey A. Middleton {gamidd01@morehead-st.edu}
