Pee Wee's Playhouse (1986) - Volume 1 - Disc 1 [NTSC] DVDR

http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002IQB3A/103-2893728-6167051?v=glance&n=130

Plot Outline: Pee-Wee Herman and his friends have wacky, imaginative fun in his unique playhouse. 
Plot Synopsis: Each show, Pee-Wee Herman comes to his wonderful playhouse where anything can happen. Whether it be screaming at the secret word, entertaining friends like Cowboy Curtis and Ms. Yvonne, or enjoying animation clips presented by the King of Cartoons or the stories of the claymation girl, Penny; there's always lots of fun things to do. 

Actors: Paul Reubens, John Paragon, Phil Hartman, Johann Carlo, Gregory Harrison, See more 
Directors: Steven Johnson, Guy J. Louthan 
Format: Closed-captioned, Color, Full screen, Ntsc, Academy 
Regions: Region 1, Region 2, Region 3, Region 4, Region 5, Region 6

Aspect Ratio: 1.33:1 
Studio: Image Entertainment 
DVD Release Date: November 16, 2004 
Available Audio Tracks: English (Dolby Digital 2.0 Stereo) 
Region 0 (NTSC format)

Amazon.com
The secret word is overdue in regard to a DVD release of the delirious Pee-Wee's Playhouse, but this boxed set, packaged with the assistance and approval of series creator and star Paul Reubens, brings back all the bizarre charm and energy of this terrific Saturday-morning series. In creating Pee-Wee's Playhouse, Reubens blended the innocence of early children's television shows with the surreal visual style of music videos and Reubens' own gleefully manic creation (Pee-Wee grew out of Reubens's stint with the legendary comic improv group the Groundlings). The end result was the rare '80s children's program that encouraged creativity and individuality (and screaming, which was the proper response whenever the "secret word" was uttered) in its younger viewers, and delivered sly, subversive humor for Pee-Wee's older fans that had seen his live shows and movies. Critics were tickled by his antics as well, and gave the show the Television Critics Award for Outstanding Children's Program in 1987 (it would also pick up numerous Emmy awards and nominations for writing, editing and art direction through its five-season run). 
The five discs in Playhouse #1 include all of Pee-Wee's first- and second-season adventures (including two unaired episodes) with his puppet pals Chairry, Conky the Robot, and Pterry, as well as a host of offbeat human performers like the late Phil Hartman (who played Captain Carl and served as one of the show's writers), Laurence Fishburne (Cowboy Curtis), Natasha Lyonne (the precocious Opal), William (Blacula) Marshall as the King of Cartoons (Marshall replaced Gilbert Lewis, who reigned as the King from 1986-87), Shirley Stoler from The Honeymoon Killers as Mrs. Steve, and Law and Order's S. Epartha Merkerson as Reba the Mail Lady. Highlights include the first episode, "Ice Cream Soup," which introduces most of the Playhouse crew; "Playhouse in Outer Space," which teaches a sweet (if thoroughly cracked) lesson in friendship; and the frantic "Party," which culminates in a rousing game of Pin the Tail on the Globey. PW faithful, take note: the 1988 Christmas Special is not included here, but fret not--it's available as a separate disc. This set has no supplemental features. --Paul Gaita

Product Description:
Now you can see Miss Yvonne, Cowboy Curtis, Jambi the Genie, Reba the Mail Lady, Captain Carl, Tito, the King of Cartoons and the rest of the gang for the first time ever on DVD! Join the fun and scream the secret word to every great episode! It's side-splitting hilarity in never-before-seen clarity! Hey, that rhymes! Get #em while they're hot if you wanna be cool! Winner of an amazing 22 Emmy« Awards! During its six-year run, this show has enchanted millions of children and adults alike! Starring Paul Reubens, Larry Fishburne, S. Epatha Merkerson, Lynne Stewart VOL. 1 EPISODES: Ice Cream Soup, The Gang's All Here, Luau for Two, Party, Rainy Day, Open House, Now You See Me, Now You Don't, Puppy in the Playhouse, Just Another Day, Store, Beauty Makeovers, Pee-wee Catches a Cold, The Restaurant, Why Wasn't I Invited, Ants in Your Pants, Tons of Fun, Monster, School, Cowboy and the Cowntess, Spring, Stolen Apples, Playhouse in Outer Space Includes 2 Never-Before-Seen Lost Episodes! 
