THE BONZO DOG BAND: TALKING PICTURES
(Revised)
Disc 2
NTSC DVD

NOT FOR PROFIT
A free service to the fans with thanks to the people of the official Neil Innes website.

The Bonzo Dog (Doo Dah) Band are legends of British comedy and music from the 60s. Good friends to both Monty Python and the Beatles ... influenced by the latter and an influence on the former, their surreal brand of humor made 1920s jazz hip to a 60s audience.


In DISC TWO of this epic set (the final NTSC disc of the collection) we check in with Neil and Roger and the band but mostly explore the post-Bonzo work of Vivian Stanshall, who died in 1995. His poetic, comedic and musical genius is unquestioned, but he had a rocky life due to alcoholism and addiction to tranquilizers. Despite this he continued to create works of great originality and brilliance and this disc is intended as a tribute to him.

The specials "Crank" (aka "Diamond Geezer" or "Vivian Stanshall: The Early Years") and "One Man's Week with Vivian Stanshall" are here reproduced in their entirety, as are many other rare TV appearances.

If you would like to hear more of Neil Innes, ask about our collections of The Innes Book of Records, Rutland Weekend Television, and our many dozens of discs of his TV and live appearances. We have so many discs of Neil already that I felt no need whatsoever to represent him on this disc. (email me at tygerbug at yahoo.com.)

This one's for Viv.

So, once again:

You may know them from their appearance in the Beatles' "Magical Mystery Tour," as Vivian Stanshall performs "Death Cab For Cutie." You may know Neil Innes from singing "Brave Sir Robin" in Monty Python and the Holy Grail, and "How Sweet to Be an Idiot" and a version of "I'm the Urban Spaceman" in Monty Python Live at the Hollywood Bowl. Or even for his masterful faux-Beatles music in the Rutles film. You may have seen them on Do Not Adjust Your Set (a precursor to Monty Python).

This is the ultimate collection of Bonzo Dog Band performances. Spread across several DVDs, this will provide hours and hours of entertainment as the Bonzos sing most of your favorites. Edited by Garrett Gilchrist (tygerbug/ocpmovie), the editor who created Star Wars Deleted Magic and The Thief and the Cobbler Recobbled Cut.

Their hilarious and wildly entertaining musical madness will entertain hipsters of any age.

Many many many other Bonzo Dog, Neil Innes, Rutles and Monty Python related DVDs have been preserved by me, notably the Rutland Weekend Television and Innes Book of Records series.

This is the second, expanded version of a DVD originally created in 2005. The first Talking Pictures was just one DVD long. This revised set includes much more and better quality material spread across several DVDs.

Even if you're a major Bonzo fan, you won't have seen much of this footage before. I have used clever editing to create new music videos for songs which had no video, to reconstruct clips which had bits missing, and to generally create new video based on shards and little bits of things, to give a full and very entertaining experience.


 Whenever possible, all or portions of all video and audio have been restored or reconstructed using the best available elements.

Disc 2:
Commercials by Vivian Stanshall:
Commercial: Ruddles at Rawlinson End
Commercial: Mr. Cadbury's Parrot
Commercial: Toshiba "Terry Keeps His Clips On"
Commercial: The Guardian
Commercial: Mr. Cadbury's Parrot (alternate)
Commercial: Cadbury's Intro and the Outro
Commercial: Tennent's Pilsner
Death Cab For Cutie (DNAYS)
The Intro and the Outro (DNAYS)
The Equestrian Statue (DNAYS)
Urban Spaceman (RWT)
I'm Forever Blowing Bubbles (Full House)
Humanoid Boogie (IBOR reedit)
Urban Spaceman (IBOR)
Quiet Talks and Summer Walks (IBOR reedit)
Baba Tunde (One Man's Week)
Montage: Suspicion (One Man's Week)
Ginger Geezer excerpt (Crank)
Rawlinson End film excerpts and montage
Montage: Wheelbarrow (SHARE)
Montage: Nice & Tidy (SHARE)
SHARE clip: Vivian "Riddles"
Montage: Imagination (SHARE/Ruddles)
Stinkfoot montage:
What My Public Wants (Andy Black and company)
Landin' On My Feet Feet (Steve Howe)
Parakeet to Meet You (Cindy Stratton)
Made of Stone (Nikki B)
No Time Like the Future (Viv feat. Middleton's Changeling and Showboat saga clips)
Armchair excerpt (Crank)
Montage: The Cracks are Showing (Bristol Showboat Saga)
I'd Rather Cut My Hands (Crank)
The End (Button Up Your Overcoat)/Fishing (One Man's Week)


Vivian Stanshall's Crank
Chapters:
Diamond Geezer/Early Years intro by John Peel)
Madness
Insurance
Ginger Geezer
Armchair
Spreading His Light
I'd Rather Cut My Hands

One Man's Week With Vivian Stanshall
(Chapters 1-7)

Extras:
Bristol Showboat Saga clips with Vivian Stanshall
Eric Idle sings Captain Fantastic
Friday Night, Saturday Morning with Vivian Stanshall
Full House with Joe Melia and Roger Ruskin Spear
The Equestrian Statue: Two uncut full color takes from the Pathe newsreel archives
Runaround with Roger Ruskin Spear
Do You Remember the First Time? Vivian Stanshall (Pulp Hits)
Friday Night, Saturday Morning with Vivian Stanshall (clip)
The Equestrian Statue (New Faces fullscreen)
