The most offensive, most shocking film ever! Be prepared, it?s genuine snuff!

An incestuous brother and sister team up with our lovable serial killer from August Underground for an even more brutal road of mayhem and massacre. Once again, everything is captured on the handheld camera of the killers. More brutal, twisted, and sick than August Underground, Mordum takes you to the absolute edge of sanity.

This installment takes things even further than the first, adding in anything and everything imaginable. With elements of incest, necrophilia, torture, humiliation, degradation, murder, slaughter, and even some porn on a small level. 

WARNING: Do not eat before watching this. If you do, please allow at least an hour before viewing.

This movie goes further than anything I have ever witnessed in my life. For example, the opening scene has a brother behind his sister as she is bent over moaning loudly. Another scene has one of the killers gut a girl, then proceeds to ?do his deed? in the slice where he pulls out her guts. A guy cuts off his ?member? with a pair of scissors (which is one of the hardest things I?ve ever had to watch). Then comes a scene involving two kidnapped girls and the one killer?s sister. She pukes on them and makes them puke on her, and then she starts puking on them again, and then proceeds to kiss them all over (at which point I had to put down my beer and hold my breath).

Again, this is completely filmed with a home video camera. The way they handle the camera, passing it back and forth to each other, and with the brutal, realistic nature of this film, taking everything to the extreme, it really brings you to the edge, drawing you into a whole new world. You are drawn into their world of no cares and no remorse. Sometimes you actually forget you are watching a movie.

This is one of those love/hate movies. You either hate it or you love it. Personally, I loved it. Maybe I?m just a sick and twisted f**k, but I loved every aspect of this movie. The realism, absolutely nothing is held back. This movie takes you to the absolute edge. It takes you to a place where you are curious, but would never dream of going.

The main characters, Fred Vogel, Michael T. Schneider, Cristie Whiles, and an appearance from Necrophagia?s Killjoy were done so realistically, that you really do forget that they are acting. Fred Vogel as the ?ring leader? who kills for fun, Cristie Whiles who loves to have fun with the tortured women, and Michael T. Scheider (which, on a side note, is a really awesome guy who I?ve had the pleasure of working with as an extra in an up and coming movie) as Cristie?s brother who has fun with the women after they?re dead. Towards the end, Necrophagia?s Killjoy makes his appearance. Seems like the only ?normal? one of the bunch. You better think twice.

Again, the effects were so realistic it was chilling. As I mentioned earlier, you sometimes forget what you are watching is only a movie. Loads of blood and gore. Also, you are given a look at Killjoy?s play area, which would put the likes of Ed Gein to shame. Especially a headless, dead baby covered in maggots, where one of our killers proceeds to eat the maggots.

As with August Underground this is definitely not for everyone. This is only for the die hard sick and twisted fans (like myself). If you are even slightly offended in any way, stay clear. After reading this review and you think of yourself as sick, twisted, and disturbed as I do, you will not be disappointed with this. Again, you either love it or hate it, and I loved it from beginning to end. 

This goes up on my list of favorite sick and disturbing movies. I rate this easily a 9.5 out of 10 necrophilia loving, maggot eating, puke loving serial killers. 
 
http://i241.photobucket.com/albums/ff307/Fatfuckfrank/vlcsnap-437138.png 
http://i241.photobucket.com/albums/ff307/Fatfuckfrank/vlcsnap-437041-1.png 
http://i241.photobucket.com/albums/ff307/Fatfuckfrank/vlcsnap-437041.png