Genre: Black Metal
Label: Rage Of Achilles Records
Playing time: 49:25

Tracklist:

Anaal Nathrakh
Necrodeath
Ice Blasting Storm Winds
Carnage (Mayhem cover)
The Supreme Necrotic Audnance
Satanarchist
L.E.T.H.A.L. Diabolic
De Mysteriis Dom Sathanas (Mayhem cover)
The Technogoat
Necrogeddon    
You better start running if ANAAL NATHRAKH are coming. TFN is being jumped in a dark alley by a bunch of tooled up nutters intent on breaking bones. Look in a thesaurus under â??savageâ?? and somewhere it will list ANAAL NATHRAKH as a descriptive. If you get away with less than a black eye and a bloodied nose consider yourself lucky.

 

â??Total Fucking Necroâ?? comprises of the two demos of madness that preceded the nitrous â??Codex Necro.â?? The last track is an unreleased bonus. There are two MAYHEM covers that reportedly did the seminal ones proud. It is impressive that ANâ??s own material at this early stage stands up to the old masters. 

 

This is pure hooliganism, with flayed by a bike chain guitars, pummelled with a pool cue drumming, kidneys bruised by knuckleduster bass and acid in the face vocals. Hold on to your hats as well because this battering is delivered at hurricane speed, there is no escape. Perversely as the rush grabs you, sandblasting you with debris, hurling you into brick walls, breaking your spine against telegraph poles and robbing your lungs of air, you find yourself enjoying the ride.

 

Infection creeps in like a hospital virus until you are delirious with the fever of it all. This is the Grim Reaper on PCP. ANAAL NATHRAKH are not afraid to do anything and they throw ripping lead breaks into the swirling mass not caring whether it goes against any necro doctrine or not. Despite the insane speed, these two are masters of the dynamic and though the drums are permanently on hyperblast (Yes! Yes! Yes!) the guitars do occasionally remove their thumbs from your eye sockets before jabbing them right back in again. 

 

Just when you can take no more, they take you by surprise with â??Satanarchistâ?? which, though still a full on track, is a ballad by comparison with the violence that surrounds it. ANAAL NATHRAKH are in a relatively reflective mood here before they resume with the bruising. Though this is supremely necro, it is also pulverisingly powerful, the production at times so over the top that the tracks nearly choke on themselves. There are not many vocalists who could match the madness but V.I.T.R.I.O.L. vomits bleach all over the carnage before him. On their cover of â??De Mysteriis Dom Sathanasâ?? he definitely gives Attila a run for his money.

 

So there you have it, the musical equivalent of being caught at the centre of a nuclear blast. â??Total Fucking Necroâ?? guaranteed to rid you of unwanted guests. (Online November 13, 2004)