DEAR MUSIC LOVERS,

This mixed music cd is one of my MIXAMIX series.
This cds are made mainly as road music but some of them can be easily used for parties.
I make this cds to accompany me and my friends at car or excursions.

The motive for making these cds was the fact that I could not find a radio station 
playing the music I like without interuptions. So I started making my 1hour and a half music experience.
I like various kinds of music and like to hear them intermixed. That is a risk no radio station takes and also not 
many djs in the world. Till now only Paul Oakenfold has managed to marry many kinds and ages of music together.

Anyways, hope you enjoy this mixed disks as much as I do.
Remember that I am not professional, I do this as a hobby.
The date after MIXAMIX is the date I have started creating each of this cds. 
The creation may take from just one day to many months.

A few words about this MIXAMIX_20050120:
Another Driving mix. Although it has started in January it is meanted for Hot nights.
It was created while having in my mind a special route by the sea with dith difficult turns.
With only just a softer stop at track14 all other tracks are there for power and  more power.
Again my favorite music style. Techno,Trance, House,Breaks, Rock and Ambient are all here at their best!
Wondering how is this possible just hear this, and then you will understand why some call me the crazy DJ.
Eye of the Tiger is enchanged in a more ambient version by me by adding more synths in back from
Anne Clark's Haunted Road which connects as to the next favourite from Depech Mode. Enjoy the Silence.
Also here New intro for Furius Angels!
And finally watch what happens when you mix Cobalt with Duran Duran - Whitelines(remixed by Dj Mentzik)
and how Enya can close such a cd and still dont break the spirit (in fact will leave u wanting more :))!
This cds really represents what music I would like to hear! 

Dj Mentzik (http://www.musicalgalaxy.com)