Buttman`s British Extremely Big Tit Adventure #4 - Rocco Siffredi 



Covers: 
http://www.imageblues.com/show.php/490_Buttman.Covers.jpg.html


Scene 1 - Dawn Phoenix, Donna Warner, Rocco Siffredi 
http://www.imageblues.com/show.php/489_1.jpg.html


Buttman and Rocco are sightseeing in Central London, and one sight being seen is that of two blondes in Donna and Dawn.  Qucik conversations later the two guys have opened out the drinks cooler in their hotel with the two babes with Rocco checking out Donna and Buttman zooming in on Dawn's luscious size breasts!  Big tit lovers, take a breath!



Scene 2 - Elizabeth Shay, Kris Newz, Nikki Platts 
http://www.imageblues.com/show.php/488_2.jpg.html


Continuing on the prowl for breasts, Buttman happens upon the wandering of Elizabeth in the park.  Buttman chats to her to persuade her into some nude footage but she declines and suddenly Buttman's attention goes elsewhere as he spots couple Kriz & Nikki nearby.  Turns out they're fans of Buttman, upon which Nikki is requested into unveiling her luscious charms.  Buttman then informs them of Elizabeth, who the couple eventually get to come with them.  Back in a hotel, the trio delve into each other as Buttman warms up the camera!


Scene 3 - Jenny Mae & Valentino, Kris Newz & Laura Turner 
http://www.imageblues.com/show.php/487_3.jpg.html


OK.  Kriz, Rocco, Valentino and Buttman take a ride to Kriz's barnyard to film some footage with new talent.  We're introduced to Sidney (Omar Williams), very cute Irish lass Jenny and frisky French starlet Belinda who is alert the moment the boys arrive, showing her renowned 'peach' ass.  

Now things are all over the place.  Despite Buttman wanting all to remain in one place, Rocco has gone to find Kirsten, as when they drove up to the barnyard she was riding nearby in some fields with her blessed breasts out!  Wearing jodhpurs on horseback at the same time, the sight was too much of temptation so Rocco's gone to find her.  

Valentino escapes with Jenny upstairs, Kriz has gone walk abouts, and Sidney and Belinda ave disappeared too.  On his search, Buttman bumps into Laura, the stable girl, who will appear later on, and then he eventually finds Rocco, who is getting to grips with Kirsten, a bid bodied blonde buxom babe that for me is one luscious package of big woman, breasts and eagerness in one.  I thought Rocco had his work cut out but it's the other way round!

Anyhow, Buttman gives up on Rocco and looks further inside the house, going upstairs to the attic room, where he finds Sidney with Belinda.  We know why Sidney sneaked off with her because she has her 'peach' ass and is as eager as Kirsten to get it on!  She peels off Sidney's belt to unzip him out and is almost knocked back as Sidney's lumbar stands out to full attention.  It's the biggest I've seen Sidney stretch to, I think he cant wait to get into Belinda big time!  

But as she starts to devour it, Buttman and Kriz break it up for filming.  Eventually, as filming begins, we are treated to Valentino, Jenny, Kriz and Laura making hard contact with the sofa and each other!



Scene 4 - Belinda, Kirsten Halborg, Omar Williams, Rocco Siffredi 
http://www.imageblues.com/show.php/486_4.jpg.html


Buttman follows Kirsten to a room upstairs where Sidney finally gets to play with Belinda.  Rocco joins up too and takes a backseat for a while as Sidney's member is feasted on by Belinda and now Kirsten.  It's a moment where Rocco concedes to someone carrying a bigger weapon than himself as he jerks away but eventually he pops into the action.  Belinda is very slim, with an arc to her that leaves her peach ass with no fake emphasis, and as Sidney continues to ravish her from behind, Rocco plays with big girl Kirsten!



Release Date: 5/5/1999
Production Year: 1996
Category:  Gonzo
Genre:  Straight, Big Boobs, Cumshots
Studios:  Evil Angel

Performers:  
Belinda, Chris Newz, Dawn Phoenix, Donna Waner, Elizabeth Shay, Kirsten Halborg, Laura Turner, Mae, Jenny, Nikki Platts, Rocco Siffredi, Valentino 


Resolution: 560x416
Video Frame Rate:  29fps
Video Data Rate:  170kbps
Video Sample size:  12bit
Video Compression:  XVID
Audio Bit Rate:  117kbps
Audio Format:  MPEG Layer-3




For more TPB-torrents with DIRECT screens : 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/pure_screens







.


