The best way to get really successful in Poker, IRL or Online, is to read read read. Then read it again!

Included in this package is a large collection of books about Poker that I've found interesting. Most of them in pdf, but som as word-files. There are also som articles from Poker Magazines with great tips. Everything is organized in folders.

I also put the software Poker Pro 2006 with crack in it. Never used it though...
(http://www.pokerpro3.com/products/index.html)


"When you can't spot the Fish at the Poker Table - It's YOU!"


Enjoy!


Books:

Author:                                  Title:


      David Sklansky & Ed Miller		Small stakes Hold?em
David Sklansky & Malmuth		Hold?em for Advanced Players
David Sklansky		Theory of Poker
			The Eight Mistakes in Poker
Mike Caro			Book of Poker Tells
Doyle Brunson		Doyle Brunson?s Super System
King Yao			Hold?em Brain
Dan Harrington		Harrington on Hold?em
Jason Noble			Finding Robust Texas Hold?em
Sam Braids			The Intelligent Guide to Texas Hold?em Poker
David Stam			Bluffing, Betting And No Limit Strategy Texas Holdem
			Poker Statistics And Appendix - Advanced Texas Holdem
Graham Kendall 		Adaptive play of Poker
Jonathan Schaeffer		Learning to play Strong Poker
Jason Pohl			Short Handed
Lee Jones			Winning Low-Limit Hold?em
Matthew Hilger		Internet Texas Hold?em Winning Strategies
Douglas & Curtis Frye		Winning Strategies of Online Poker
August F O?Meara		Online No-Limit Texas Hold?em Poker for Beginners
Roy Rounder			No-Limit Hold?em Secrets
			Texas Hold?em Secrets
			Poker Math made easy
Brian Alspach			Mathematics and Poker
Edward Thorpe		Mathematics of Gambling
Charles Grinstead		Introduction to Probability Theory
Frank R Wallace		Advanced Concept?s of Poker

Various:		Poker Tracker Guide
		Play Poker like the Pro?s
		Poker for Dummies
		Playing Texas Hold?em online ? The Professionals Guide 2005
		Devil?s Poker
		Complete Hold?em Odds Handbook
		Single Table Tournament Strategy
		Multi Table Tournament Strategy
		Online Poker Tells
		Pre-Flop Strategy
		Advanced Concept?s of Poker
		Total Poker Pro
		Winning Consistently at Online Poker
		Drifter?s Ultra-System