

Things to look for:
1. Ya Tayr and Alamouni are both shot while Fairuz walks down the hills and valleys of the small towns exposing beautiful landscape which is nice to see and kind of authenticate the setting of the film.

Miscellaneous information:
1. Both Assy and Mansour play roles in this film. Assy has a more predominant character. He plays Abou Ahmed, the freedom fighter. Mansour role however is very small. I didn't even get his name in the movie.
2. Click here for information on the soundtrack of the film.

1967 / Lebanon
Color / Approx. Time 115 minutes


Credits:
Fairuz ... Adla
Nasri Shameseddine ... Elmoukhtar
Huda ... Zoumorod
Assy Rahbani ... Abou Ahmed
Berj Fazalian ... Re'fat Bek
Salah Tizani ... Abou Darwish
Salwa Haddad ... Oum Youssef
Joseph Nassif ... Elhasoon
Layla Karam ... Zahia
With Ihsan Sadek, Rafik Elsebaiey, Abdullah Homsi, Ahmed Khalifa, Samir Shames, Shafik Hassan, Ziad Mkouk, Eli Chouieri, Souhil Noumani, Mohamed Mar'ei, Samir Abou Nassif Mahmoud Mabsout, Fawzi Kiali, Sami Maksoud, Mansour Rahbani, Nouzha Younes and Mervat.

Phenicia Films
Distrubted by the United Trade and Cinema Company - Fernand Khoury and Nader El Attasy
Written by the Rahbani Brothers
Music and Songs Written by the Rahbani Brothers
Produced by Nader El Attasy
Director of Photography Claude Robin
Directed by Henry Barakat
	
Filmstock developed in L.T.C. labs - Paris
Shot in Kafoun, Dhour Elshoyer, Ellaklouk, Doma, Ba'abda, Jebayl, Bayt Shabab, Jedita, Elmetayn, Zahla and Beirut.
Sound Recoreded at Baalbeck Studios
Sound Engineer Stanley Khoury
Assistant Directors Youssef Sharfeddeen, Samir AbouNassif and Haddi Issa
Assistant Producer Omar Shama
Cinematic Effects Samir Lama
Edited by Mohamed Abbas
Assistant Editor Khalil Ghamash
Make-Up Nadine Frino
Assitants William Néme, Zekardia, Sarkis and Rafat Al Seda
Hair Dressers Samia Nehma
Costumes of Fairuz by Seebo Wojo
Set Design Said Elnaboulsi
Production Manager Saleh Elajem
Produced by Nadir El Attasy
Still Photography by Farouj Satasian
Camera Assistant Sarkis Kokanian
Artistic Consultant Elias Mata
Artistic Managment Sabri Sharif

