18 year old Hungarian blonde teen Lilou & Pierre Woodman (anal)



screens: 
http://www.imageblues.com/show.php/585_Lilou.jpg.html




Lilou
She's blonde, she's beautiful, she's got big blue eyes, a decent command of English and a really super body, and most importantly an earnest manner that could charm the socks of anybody, and that definitely includes Pierre. So much to and fro goes on in this interview that it's pointless for me to try to explain. If you have any interest at all in this series, I'd recommend you check this one out. If not, do me a favour and give this series a wide berth.

The longer this whole pantomime goes on, one has to wonder exactly who's stringing who along as Lilou mutters about how this is disgusting and that is horrible, sometimes looking genuinely flustered, sometimes seeming uncommonly composed. So yes, Pierre apparently does talk a supposedly reluctant young lady with a dearly loved boyfriend and a heart set on a career in fashion modelling into the grubby world of porn, but I really am so bored with all the ill-informed debate about the veracity of these scenarios, not to mention the supposed exploitation and all the rest. If a man who actually knows the absolute truth about what really goes on could raise his hand and enlighten us all, I would be much obliged.

Otherwise, I am just going to treat it as a scene in a movie and I am just going to keep watching. I can't deny that I find this all hugely interesting viewing and not simply because of the cheap voyeuristic opportunity, but because it's far more closely related to real world issues of morality, ambition, desire and so much more than we typically see in pornography. And no, it doesn't hurt that the action just so happens to include a top class shag from the wicked Mr Woodman for this delicious willowy blonde.

The cherished boyfriend is long forgotten by the time Ms Lilou is spread out on the bed, languorously accepting Pierre's head between her long legs and acting absolutely nothing like someone unused to having sex with strangers. Pierre sticks it to her in his inimitable fashion (i.e. fast and furious, causing her to lash and thrash around the bed) and initiates her into anal with his fingers only. She says she can take no more, but returns a few days later for another stiff seeing to, this time taking it in the ass. It's great stuff and they really seem to hit it off. The key moment in it all, however, is perhaps a little exchange before the first sex when she shows him her new watch, which apparently cost a fortune. That certainly started the little cogs ticking overâ?¦
Interview and initiation: Budapest, June 2000

AKA  	Mia, Lilliana, Lilu, Lili, Lora
Birthday	June 30, 1982
Astrology	Cancer 
Birthplace	Hungary 
Years Active	2001-2003 (Started around 19 years old)
Ethnicity	Caucasian/Hungarian
Hair Color	Blonde
Measurements	34B-27-34
Height	5 feet, 7 inches (170 cm)#





