Summary: 

Set amidst the reign of Julius Caesar, Praetorians is an epic troop-based strategy game from the creators of the award-winning, best-selling Commandos series. 

As a Roman General on a quest to forge an empire, you will be transported back to the dusty battlefields of Egypt, the frozen lands of the Gauls, and finally to the heart of the Empire itself, Italy. Your quest will be no easy task as the lands you seek to conquer are heavily defended by thousands of powerful troops.

Features: 
Command the forces of 3 civilizations ? the disciplined Romans, the ferocious Gauls, and the religiously fanatical Egyptians ? each with a unique set of troops and war machines. 

Pure strategic combat ? forsaking base building and resource gathering, Praetorians allows you to focus entirely on commanding your armies. 

Employ the powerful war machines of Roman campaigns to either protect possessions or destroy enemy defenses and siege their fortresses. 

Different landscapes play an all-important role in battle. From snow-capped mountains to sandy beaches, the AI will understand varying terrain and its defensive and offensive possibilities. 

Battle for supremacy online in an intense multiplayer match supporting up to 8 players. Multiplayer mode features unique maps and the ability to control any of the three civilizations. 

More than 20 varied missions requiring vastly different strategies. Combining units and exploiting your enemy?s weaknesses is key for victory. 

Played out in jaw-dropping 3D visuals ? from the immense scale of the Pyramids right down to the individual centurion ? Praetorians is stunning in its detail, scale and beauty. 

The game is incredibly intuitive, belying its sophisticated game engine and allowing skilled strategy gamers and beginners alike to fully immerse themselves in the story with absolute ease. 

Platform: PC
Genre: Strategy
Release Date: 03/10/2003 
Publisher: Eidos Interactive 
Developer: Pyro Studios 
Players: 1 - 8 Players 
Ages: Teen 
ESRB Content Descriptors: Violence 
Requirements:  256 MB RAM, 16 MB VRAM, 600 MB disk space, DirectX v8.0. 

http://www.gamespot.com/pc/strategy/praetorians/index.html
http://praetorians.pyrostudios.com/

Patch1.04+crack hittar ni här:
http://trackerwww.prq.to/torrents-details.php?id=3294776

Mycke nöje!
/Suetonius