Time Square Spectre mp3 - http://www.retributerecords.com/mp3/TimesSquareSpectre.zip


Genre: Sludge Metal
Label: Retribute Records
Playing time: 39:37
Band homepage: http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile&friendID=5771474

Tracklist:

   1.
      No Compromise
   2.
      Rorschach
   3.
      Times Square Spectre 
   4.
      Street Ethics
   5.
      Harlem
   6.
      Reluctant Hero
   7.
      Justice Is A Vagrant

The Other Side of the Sky from Daytona Beach, Florida deliver a unique brand of ambient sludge metal related to bands like Isis, Neurosis and Mogwai. Recorded at Godcity Studios under the guidance of Kurt Ballou (Converge), it is a representation of massive volume inducing emotion, combining droning riffs and subtle effects-induced builds.

Take this picture: PELICAN decides to make a non-purely instrumental album and so the band asks NEUROSIS to write vocal arrangements for a few songs. The result would be probably something incredibly similar to what THE OTHER SIDE OF THE SKY offer in their debut, because these Floridians are close to the perfect breed between both bands described above.

 The PELICAN influence is especially notorious and the dronish but fluent atmosphere of this album takes me constantly in a mental trip to the disc â??Australasiaâ??. On the other hand, it would be unfair to call THE OTHER SIDE OF THE SKY simply a copycat band because in their song-structure they try to be more complex than their influence sources, less heavy and with a tiny progressive touch.

 Like is one main characteristic for Sludge Metal, the body and consistency is built in base of the bass and the consequent everlasting punching in your stomach. The atmosphere is very varied, being incredibly dense by times and relaxing here and there, being the dynamic game rather well done. Riffs are very hypnotic and dream-inducing and the listening of â??Rorschachâ?? is certainly a pleasant experience.

 THE OTHER SIDE OF THE SKY are a very uncompromised and intelligent band. They seem to enjoy a lot while playing, feel free to add spices such as distortions, mix nice-to-listen ambient with more oppressive parts and create an alternative concept behind the music. Itâ??s true that they still have to unchain themselves from the too obvious musical godfathers, but theyâ??re a band that stands high above average in a vertiginously growing genre. (Online March 12, 2006)