Size: 120 MB
Quality: 1280 x 720 @ 7000 kbits/sec, WMA CBR Stereo @ 192 kbit/sec
Runtime: 02:35







TODAY FOREVER - "BETTER VALUES" VIDEO RELEASE

The video clip was filmed in an old factory building in Kassel, Germany, on June 23rd and 24th 2007.

The young, but experienced team of producers (Lars Juschka, postproduct.de; Jan Spangenberg and Jens Isler, both lucidmedia.de) were the masterminds behind the shoot.
Together with their team of make-up artists and technicians, they took on both the filming and the postproduction of the clip.
Filming was done in HD-Format (High Definition), a film format that is becoming ever more popular and is used for high quality cinema films.

CD

BETTER VALUES, the song chosen for the video clip, is from the current album THE NEW PATHETIC.
The CD has made it onto shelves all over Europe, America and parts of Asia, and the song has a special meaning for the likeable band.
Christian, the singer, describes it as, ?a song that talks about passion for music. That?s why we chose it for the video clip.
The text describes the blatant difference between a soulless business product, that only exists because of the money involved and where heart and soul are not required, on the one hand, and the pure excitement and passion for music on the other hand. This passion is what drives us and shapes our music.

The textual hook: ?we count every second we can spend in the light? is not just one of the magic moments of a live show, but also part of our band ethos. It?s all about the music as such, about the creative moment on stage, those priceless seconds that are so important for us as musicians, when together we can pursue our passion on stage. Music has meaning and depth for us, and is not just an entertainment product. There is something deeply personal in our songs. If you want to hear our songs, you will also hear our hearts. "BETTER VALUES" also became our tour anthem during our first US tour, becoming the lynchpin of every set. So that?s why, upon our return, we chose this song for the video clip.?

picture gallery video shooting

Sponsors and helpers were needed to develop the video clip as professionally as possible, so much energy was invested in finding the right sponsors and helpers in the run-up to the filming. And it seems to have been worth it, judging by the results!

Aside from the hard work and effort, the atmosphere on the set was spontaneous and cheerful, yet professional, making the injuries suffered during filming (e.g. bleeding hand, bleeding lips, twisted back) easy to put up with.

TODAY FOREVER has taken a huge step forward and is much the richer for the experience of filming a video clip together. It will be interesting to see what the future brings for this dynamic band.

The calendar for TODAY FOREVER shows in 2007 is almost full. Diligent! Particularly when you take into account that TODAY FOREVER is also busy producing songs for their new CD ? in November they will disappear into the studio to record the first demos for the new album. So if you get the chance to catch one of their shows, don?t miss it! The live qualities of the band will convince you, even if your music preferences are other than straightforward hardcore.

Current show schedule, news, presskit and merch can be found at: www.todayforever.net

Please don`t hesitate and get in touch with us!

For any questions, comments, show offers please mail to: info@todayforever.net

Thanks,

TODAY FOREVER