*Ripped using DVD Decrypt.

*Burning Instructions:  Shrink using DVD Shrink and burn, burn onto a dual-layer dvd, or convert and shrink the original .iso file.

*If you enjoyed this and you have $10 to spare, just buy the damn dvd, it's seriously that cheap.


*PLEASE HELP SEED!


The past two years have been banner years for EVERY TIME I DIE. It all got started in August 2005 with "Gutter Phenomenon". Then having that same album named "Record Of The Year" by Revolver Magazine.

When 2006 came around, they started off the year by touring the US with Story Of The Year and the UK with My Chemical Romance (remember that Gerard from MCR is a guest singer on "Gutter"). To top it all off, they were named of the "Breakout bands of WARPED TOUR 2006" by tour organizer, Kevin Lyman.

So with over 75,000 records sold, Every Time I Die is now taking over the airwaves and venues in a city near you. Their new video, "The New Black" has been added to FUSE, MTV2 and Music Choice.

Now, in celebration of these past two years (hell, their whole career), the band is bringing you their debut DVD, "Shit Happens" this Halloween. The DVD is chockfull of footage showing the band at their best (on stage) and their worst (setting their hair on fire). Basically, it is a must have for any Every Time I Die fan - or any fan of some goddamn good music!

DVD FEATURES
*2+ hours of one-of-a-kind ETID footage
*Ridiculous amounts of LIVE songs shot around the US
*Scandalous Hidden Extras
*Never Before Seen "Behind The Scenes" footage from their US tour, their Buffalo Christmas show, and the Warped Tour.
*Raucous home videos
*Academy Award Winning music videos
*And of course, the directorial genius of High Roller Studio's Doug Spangenberg.

TRACK LIST:
Intro
Get Warped
ETID
Shinfo about Shinfo
Pass Out Game
Street team part 1
Keith hearts lindsay
Day off cinema
Family
Shoplifting Shinfo
Keith's Krib
Buffalo TV Party
Football Shinfo
Acey Deucey
"Sour Scittles are too ironic"
Lurker
Sports
Jizz Mayo
Barfabalooza
Sneaker Shinfo
Signings
Jordan Hearts Kate
I Been Gone a Long Time
"We're Here to Relieve the Hurricane"
Street Team part 2
Durst (An Ode to Stank)
Jordan's Shirt Shinfo
Sketchy Coaster
The New Black
Man Stuff
Floater
Jager Babe
Monster Mosh
Tech Beef
Getting Ready for the Xmas Show
Gloom and How it Gets That Way
This Probably Could Have Been Cut
Japan
Street Team part 3
Your Momma's A Redneck
No one Could Ever Love Joey
Sic Tats
Teacher Shinfo
No Diving
Bored Stiff
A Ton of Tonawanda Shinfo
I will always love you
Champing at the Bit
"I'll box anyone on this tour"
Flaming Mohawk
The Van Flip
Boogers
Pretty Dirty
The Brittany Equation Show
Closing out the Xmas Buffalo Show
Building Shinfo
Apocalypse Now and Then
Don't Call Him Ratboy
3 was better
Kill the Music
Rotisserie Gold
Outro
Credits 