ESET Smart Security: Features, Documentation and Requirements 

ESET Smart Security's comprehensive, proactive protection builds on the award-winning ESET NOD32 Antivirus to knock down viruses, spyware, adware and malware of all kinds, adding personal firewall and antispam features to protect your computer. 

ESET Smart Security Firewall 

ESET Smart Security's Personal firewall provides bidirectional, stateful firewall protection with intrusion detection features. The three operational modes are: 

Normal mode: Provides unobtrusive protection for everyday use without requiring an understanding of firewall technology or complex configuration. 
Advanced mode: Provides power users with an interface for firewall customization. 
Policy-based: Allows the administrator to set and deliver a customized policy configuration for the firewall (Only available in the Business Edition). 
All modes provide protocol filtering and intrusion detection. 

A powerful feature of ESET Smart Security's Personal firewall is the ability to mark specific programs as being network-aware, in addition to web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox. 

Using this feature, it is possible to identify and mark an application which can be used over a network (such as Microsoft Word) for far more rigorous heuristic checking of any network connections used by the application. 

ESET Smart Security Antispam 

The Antispam feature provides a highly reliable defense against annoying spam, as well as protection against email-borne threats that share many traits with normal spam. 

Antispam utilizes both client- and server-based rules to provide up-to-the-minute spam prevention not attainable by other solutions requiring a continuous stream of downloads for detection. 

Included Documentation 

Product Quick-Start Guide (PDF for download; printed manual for boxed version) 
Integrated online help (accessible via the F1 key 

System Requirements 
Processors supported: 
- 32-bit (x86) and 64-bit (x64) Intel┬«, AMD┬« or 100% compatible 
Operating Systems: 
- Microsoft Windows┬« 2000 
- Microsoft Windows XP (32 and 64-bit editions) 
- Microsoft Windows Vista┬« (32 and 64-bit editions) 
Memory: 35 - 40 MB, on average 
Disk Space (download): 18 MB 
Disk Space (installation): 40 MB 
 
http://www.eset.com/smartsecurity/index.php?s=home 


activation details
AV-5706962 
44gq8f1f18 