This torrent contains the Horseshoes & Hand Grenades album as well as a sampler CD from 

the year before their first album release. Also has the H&HG album artwork. Enjoy, and 

please seed!

From their website (http://www.fatmawrooney.com/):

Formed in 1996, the Wisconsin-based Fat Maw Rooney has recently emerged onto the 

national music scene as a serious force to be reckoned with. Although their roots are 

firmly planted in the blues, southern rock and funk genres, the band never shys away 

from experimenting with different styles of music to make their compositions and live 

shows memorable. Their powerful live sets have captured the hearts and minds of 

thousands of music-hungry concert-goers throughout the midwest.

"With great bass lines, ripping guitar solos and very soulful lead vocals, Fat Maw 

Rooney is an absolute 'must-see' act," says State of Mind Music Magazine of Burlington, 

Vermont.

Fat Maw Rooney's live show, full of creative intelligent lighting and surround sound 

innovation, always delivers an exciting and memorable experience for any audience.

The "Badger Herald" of Madison, Wisconsin, raves "In the presence of this kind of 

greatness, the audience cannot help but enjoy themselves."

Fat Maw Rooney has been called one of Minnesota's Best Jam Bands in the 

Minneapolis/St.Paul "Star Tribune," has received numerous features and cover stories in 

many Wisconsin newspapers and magazines including Maximum Ink, Rick's Cafe, The 

Sheppard Express, and The Isthmus. They have also performed at such prestigious venues 

as the 10,000 Lakes Festival for the last three years (Detroit Lakes, MN), The Rave 

Ball Room (Milwaukee), and the Orpheum Theatre (Madison, WI), among others.

The band has shared billing with a tremendous amount of major national talent 

including: Trey Anastasio (Phish), The String Cheese Incident, moe., Widespread Panic, 

The Black Crowes and Robert Randolph and the Family Band.

Instrumentation:

Craig Baumann - guitar and vocals
R.J. Peterson - guitar and vocals
Kevin Rowe - bass and vocals
Ryan Necci - percussion and vocals
Joshua Vaughn - drums and vocals