app  [ IAPMEI Business Plan Excel / Plano de Negócios IAPMEI ] 
     url [ http://www.iapmei.pt/resources/download/pn_v3_060704.xls] 
      by [ jovem empresário] 
    type [ Cracked excel password                                                         ] 
    date [ 2007-01-01  

The worksheet in case is a business plan draft sheet, made by a governmental institution that made it with tax payers money. The nerve to have it protected!! They should be ashame. I'm thinking of the best way to divulge the password.


Pois é amigos - andamos a pagar impostos, o IAPMEI produz esta bela folha mas mantem-na protegida sem ceder a password. 

Usei o Accent EXCEL Password Recovery 2.50 beta, com um crack do tsrh@mail.ru no Astalavista, e voilá.
As passwords são (pelo que vi, a primeira password funciona para todas as sheets):
File: iapmei.pn_v3_060704.xls
Size: 239616 bytes
Document: Microsoft® Excel 2003
   ? sheet 'Regras de Utilização' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabbaaac
   ? sheet 'Pressupostos' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabbaacb
   ? sheet 'VN' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabbacbb
   ? sheet 'CMVMC' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabbacda
   ? sheet 'FSE' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabbcbbb
   ? sheet 'Custos Pessoal' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabbcbda
   ? sheet 'Investimentos' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabbcdab
   ? sheet 'Financiamento' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabbcdcc
   ? sheet 'DR' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabdbaac
   ? sheet 'Cash Flow' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabdbacb
   ? sheet 'PlanoFinanceiro' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabdbcbb
   ? sheet 'Balanço' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabdbcda
   ? sheet 'Indicadores' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabddbac
   ? sheet 'Avaliação' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabddbcb
   ? sheet 'Gráficos' is password protected. Password: aaaabaabdddbc
   ? sheet 'Calculos Auxiliares' is password protected. Password: aaaabaadaaaac
Password recovery statistics saved time (date):  1:33