IGNORE OTHER TORRENT THAT IS NOT BEING SEEDED


All you have to do is burn onto a dvd

Encoded and burned by Excailiber 1

Porky's follows the carefree lives of a group of Angel Beach boys in the happy times of the 1950's.  Pee Wee, the central character in the film, is hornier than a toad and lusting to lose his virginity to anyone possible; Tommy is the suave, bad boy of the bunch;  Meat is a Brooklyn jock whose nickname originates from his abnormally large body appendage; Mickey is a wiseass redneck without a care in the world; Brian is the brains of the Angel Beach operation and Tim is a racist with family troubles.  Together this group of guys complement each other perfectly as they set out to explore life's maturity and to just have a good time.

Their many activities include spying on their female coeds in the shower, insulting the large and strict teacher, Ms. Balbricker, and trying to get into a strip joint called...you guessed it, Porky's.  The latter activity occupies the majority of the film's screen time.  After being ejected and humiliated by the strip joint owner, the cruelly unforgettable Porky Wallace, the Angel Beach boys, with the help of newcomer Brian, devise a revenge plan to end all revenge plans.  Their vengeance involves assuring both Porky and his immoral brother (who just happens to be the sheriff) never give them a hard time again.  Although Porky would be back in Porky's Revenge, he certainly exits the film with his curly tail between his legs.

In between their plight with Porky, the boys are busy joking around and pulling pranks on one another.  Brian and Tommy decide to pull a prank on their buddies by hiring a stripper aptly named Cherry Forever to help scare the living wits out of Pee Wee, Meat and the rest of the gang.  The infamous "Mike Hunt prank call" originated here too, as Pee Wee plays a trick on the sweet, yet sassy, Wendy Williams.  There is even an elongated bit devoted to identifying an anonymous penis, but those familiar with the film know that there are two sequences that put all the rest to shame.

The first involves the widely known shower scene, in which the boys spy on Wendy and the girls and "meat" one of the teachers.  The second, and best, deals with one of the gym teachers and his odyssey in discovering just why everyone calls Ms. Honeywell "Lassie".  Taken as a whole, all of these scenes are comedic gold, and make for some of the best belly laughs ever to be had watching a motion picture.  They are funny because they are outlandish, juvenile, and just what everyone would like to remember their youth as being.  Being young was all about having fun, and these boys help encapsulate this sacred time, making the film a priceless treasure.

As a comedy the film works wonders, but perhaps the element that elevates it above the slew of teen movies that it inspired (like Revenge of the Nerds or American Pie), is the dramatic look at racism and how it can affect even the most care free of individuals.  Tim is a victim of his father's prejudice against Jews, and as a result he vents his rage toward the undeserving brunt of the stick, Brian.  Although it can be at times cliché by today's standards, the facets of racism explored in the film are entirely realistic and true to the setting (a post World War II Florida).  These scenes demonstrate that there was more on the mind of director Bob Clark than simply just laughs.

In fact, Clark himself has been quoted saying that the story is almost entirely based from his own real life experiences, and it is this personal quality which helps set the film apart from its many imitators.  This film serves as a rare, and accurate, representation of the lifestyles of the youth in the 1950's, much like American Graffiti and The Last Picture Show.  Okay, the film is a comedy, but still, it deserves to be recognized for the nostalgia that it is able to evoke from its viewers.


http://www.porkysmovies.com


If you would like anything (movies, TV shows, complete seasons etc.) please tell me in the comments 

