Presented in 320x240 xvid format.  Please seed 2+ copies.  I hope you find this movie helpful, educational, & inspiring.  Comments welcome.


Thanks in advance! :)

Tuberok




My Name Is Bill W. (1989) (TV)
advertisement
* photos 	* board 	* trailer 	* details
Register or login to rate this title
User Rating: 7.3/10 (327 votes)
more
Overview
Director:
Daniel Petrie
Writer (WGA):
William G. Borchert (written by)
Release Date:
30 April 1989 (USA) more
Genre:
Drama more
Plot Summary:
Based on the true story of Bill W. (James Woods), a successful stock broker whose life falls apart after... more
Plot Synopsis:
This plot synopsis is empty. Add a synopsis
Plot Keywords:
Support Group / Alcohol / Character Name In Title
Awards:
Nominated for 2 Golden Globes. Another 2 wins & 10 nominations more
User Comments:
Insightful movie; incredible experience more
Cast
 (Cast overview, first billed only)

	James Woods	... 	Bill Wilson

	JoBeth Williams	... 	Lois 'Lo' Wilson

	James Garner	... 	Dr. Robert Holbrook Smith aka Dr. Bob

	Gary Sinise	... 	Ebby, Bill's best friend
	George Coe	... 	Frank Shaw from Rice & Co.

	Robert Harper	... 	Dr. Jeremy Partlin, Administrator of Elmwood Sanitarium
	Ray Reinhardt	... 	Dr. Silkworth, Alcoholic Specialist at Towns Hospital
	Fritz Weaver	... 	Dr. Burnham, Lois' Father
	Rick Warner	... 	Bill Dotson, Drunk in hospital

	Joe Inscoe	... 	Fred, AA Member
	Susan Duchow	... 	Adele Gentry, Manager of Childrens ware in Dept. Store

	Rich Valliere	... 	Charley

	Mark Joy	... 	Guy Kolb, Lois' boss at Dept. Store
	William Aylward	... 	Controller (as Bill Aylward)
	Richard Travis	... 	Stockquoter
more
Additional Details
Parents Guide:
Add content advisory for parents
Runtime:
100 min
Country:
USA
Language:
English
Color:
Color
Sound Mix:
Stereo
Filming Locations:
Richmond, Virginia, USA
MOVIEmeter: ?
^ 21% since last week why?
Company:
Garner-Duchow Productions more
Fun Stuff
Movie Connections:
Referenced in Clerks II (2006) more
FAQ
This FAQ is empty. Add the first question.
User Comments
   (Comment on this title)
8 out of 9 people found the following comment useful:-
Insightful movie; incredible experience, 15 November 2004
10/10
Author: rpbndc1

I was a partly-involved spectator during the filming of the movie, and it was an incredible experience. The quality of the actors was usurped only by their unending interest in the story of Bill W and the important message they were delivering.

James Garner and James Woods were intensely focused on keeping the story of Dr. bob and Bill as true to form as possible. Jo Beth Williams played Lois Wilson incredibly well; first as a confused wife with no options and a drunkard husband; then as a strong willed but understanding partner for life.

If anyone has a loved one or knows of a friend whose life is impacted by an alcoholic, then this movie is both an eye opener and an inspiration to keep trying to find a way to fight and deal with the disease.
Was the above comment useful to you?
