Artist: ThunderStorm
Album: As We Die Alone
Genre: Metal
Encoder: LAME
Quality: VBR/44,1/Joint-Stereo
Grabber: Audiograbber
Rls Date: 10-02-2007
Source: CDDA
Songs: 10
Company: n/a
Size: 75.6 MB
Length: 49:13 min

Tracklist: 

01. Hawking Radiation 
02. Death Rides on the Highway 
03. We Die as We Dream (Alone) 
04. I Wait 
05. Hypnowheel of Life 
06. L 
07. S.L.O.W. 
08. Preacher's Dream 
09. The Mad Monk 
10. Voodoo Child (Slight Return) 

Release Notes: The Band's roots date back to the earliest 90s, when Fabio "Thunder" Bellan starts a Classic Heavy Metal Band with a touch of Doom, and calls it "Thunderstorm". Afterwards the Band releases two demotapes. In 1998, after several changes of Line-up, the Band splits up due to musical incompatibility. And in the fall of the same year, Fabio meets Massimo Tironi. The two have musical affinity and set up a new Band, Sad Symphony. Let Classic Metal apart, the Band aims at playing pure Doom Metal without any influence but Black Sabbath and their most recent "pupils" like Candlemass, Trouble and others. In the spring of the following year, the first demotape "signed" Sad Symphony gets released, featuring only two tracks. Finally the Band finds a steady line-up with Omar on bass. A few months later, the band changes monicker again, as it goes back to "Thunderstorm". In June 2000, the Band signs for the same "Northwind Records" and enters the "New Sin Studios" in Loria (Italy) in order to record their first album entitled "Sad Symphony". The release of Thunderstorm's debut album is due to November in Italy and the earliest 2001 all over the rest of Europe. In November 2000 The band change the line-up: Sandro Mazzoleni joined it, as second guitarist in the band. Tironi, drummer and founder member with Fabio "Thunder" leaves the band in January 2002. The same year the Band plays some gigs in Germany with a session member, the drummer of a German doom-metal band called "Well of Souls". In June 2002 the Band is ready to record his second album, called "Witchunter Tales", whose release is dated November 2002. The session-drummer on the album is Christian Fiorani, drummer of Italian metal band "Drakkar". Finally, in October 2002 after various auditions, Thunderstorm find the definitive new drummer: Attilio Coldani. With this line up the band plays different European gigs and various festivals during 2003-2004 : Summer Breeze (with Children of Bodom, In Flames, Primal Fear, Amorphis), Rock Hard Festival (with Stratovarius, Gamma Ray, Exodus, Metal Church, Machine Head), Headbangers Open Air, Doom Shall Rise (twice as headliner). At the end of Summer Thunderstorm signs a multi-deal contract for the Italian label Dragonheart Records and during 2004 the band composes and records (again in New Sin Studio) their third album titled "Faithless Soul". After its release Thunderstorm plays various gigs in Italy and some big european festivals in 2005 like Tradate Iron Festival, Doom Shall Rise (again as headliner the first day) and Metal Camp (on mainstage with Slayer, Anthrax, Soulfly, Therion and other great bands).

Enjoy!