Encyclopedia Judaica

Publisher: Judaica Multimedia | Language: English |

The most comprehensive authoritative source on the Jewish world.

CD-Rom for Windows 95 and higher
(This is a 16-bit application, so there would be some bugs with the intallation under SP2 Windows platform.
If somebody know how to fix it, please write the method to comments!
Thanks a lot!)

About The Program

All 26 volumes integrated into a unified text - plus updated text, new features articles, powerful search capabilities, interactive timeline, full multimedia program, all on one CD! The Encyclopaedia Judaica CD-ROM Edition unveils a complete treasure of information that enables the user to experience the legacy of the Jewish people, all from one source. The text of the Encyclopaedia Judaica CD-ROM Edition is distinguished from other Jewish sources by its unequaled presentation of the entire gamut of the Jewish world and civilization. It represents the culmination of over 30 years of intensive work by scholars from around the world, and provides a comprehensive picture of all aspects of Jewish life. From the young person preparing for a Bar or Bat Mitzvah to a college student conducting research for a class presentation, to the scholar collective data for a Ph.D. thesis to anyone just interested in learning about the Jewish World - The Encyclopaedia Judaica CD-ROM Edition makes the perfect gift for all members of the family and a standard item in any library collection.

Features

15 million words 25,000 articles 100,000 hyperlinks Full text search Category explorer Media gallery Interactive timeline 2,200 contributing authors and 250 editors 2,500 pictures, plus hundreds of additional media elements, including videos, slide shows, music, maps, charts, tables and Hebrew pronunciations Bibliography, See Also and Glossary features Word processing and annotation features Special media collections on topics such as Art in the Bible, US Jewry and the Holocaust Selected updates and feature articles prepared for the CD-ROM Edition.