step into the world of social networking.

Please Read: If you are looking for a spamming bot, MyLivePromoter is NOT the program for you. This program is designed to help you network and market your band, act or business via MySpace. This program is a powerful databasing program that helps categorize and organize your friend list, who you've emailed, sent friend requests and comments to. If used properly, you can efficiently market yourself with excellent results. With our logging system, we have taken great care to avoid spam on MySpace (our program will NOT let you send the same message twice when logging is enabled). If you want a simple adder bot, this is not the site for you.

---

MySpace has become synonymous with social networking on the Internet. Like eBay is to Auctions, Amazon is to books, and Google is to searching, MySpace has become a phenomena gaining users ranging from casual bloggers to major record label recording artists -- reaching out to promote their music in the largest, fastest growing social network.

If you've ever stumbled across a band's MySpace page and wondered how they were able to gain so much attention through profile views and friends adding them to their networks -- wonder no more.


It's not necessarily because they are popular -- it's because they have enlisted the assistance of helper programs such as MyLivePromoter. If you've taken a college statistics 101 class, you'll

remember the golden rule of statistics -- the more exposure, the better the results.
Results = Success in todays marketfield.

It's simple. Market to 100 people and, as a worse case scenario, expect 1% to buy your records, come to your concerts, or subscribe to your mailing list. Market to 1,000,000 and that 1% equals

10 thousand people. 10 thousand people? Wow! And thats at just a measly 1% return!
How can you experience a better return? It's Simple -- Market to the correct demographic.

If you're a rap act, you might not want to market to too many 70 year olds...you might not get a great response. If you're an acoustic act, market to college students! It's that simple.

So, what annoys people? Spam! You hate it, we hate it, everyone hates something being force fed to them. Well, so how do you go about getting exposure without spamming? Very easy. You make sure you remember who you've talked to and when. If someone is interested, they'll respond, if not, don't bother sending them more information. It'll just irritate them! That's where MyLivePromoter can help you.

We all love being introduced to new things, but not when we've had to read it 10 times because the person sending it can't remember they've already sent it. MyLivePromoter remembers who you've talked to, when you've talked to them and prevents you from sending them the same message twice. It outright will not allow it!

Another great feature of this program is its Auto Comment feature. Most bands we work with get a great deal of friend requests. Instead of accepting them and just ignoring the fact they wanted to become your friend, select the Auto Comment! It will accept them as your friend and then send them a profile comment!