A successful international conductor suddenly interrups his career and returns alone to his childhood village in Norrland, in the far north of Sweden.It doesn't take long before he is asked to come and listen to the fragment of a church choir, which practises every Thursday in the parish hall. Just come along and give a little bit of good advice. He can't say no, and from that moment, nothing in the village is the same again. The choir develops and grows. He makes both friends and enemies. And he finds love.  Written by Sonet Film

Daniel (Michael Nyqvist)is a renowned conductor, who suffered a painful childhood in his native town of Norrland. There, Daniel was bullied by his school mates, while he was trying to develop a musical career with his mother support. Now, as a conductor, Daniel is very temperamental and has an intolerant character with his musicians as well. He also has a strange condition, which makes him bleed from the nose. After a concert, he has a heart attack. Despite Daniel has professional commitments for the next 10 years, he decides to return to Norrland and make an indefinite retire. In Norrland, Daniel sets in the old and abandoned primary school. The local reverend asks Daniel to work as the church choir's conductor, formed by all kind of villagers, with all kind of problems. Daniel first task will be to teach the choir members to find their own voice tone, and the musical basis. Lena (Frida Hallgren), a charismatic girl, will call Daniel's attention immediately. But Daniel will have to struggle with other problems in the choir, like, a woman who is beaten by their drunk husband, and the prejudices of some members, whom think that Daniel is more interested in Lena than in the choir. However, the envious reverend will begin to feel relegated by Daniel, and will take seriously the accusations about he and Lena. Daniel will have his chance to prove the contrary, taking his group to an important contest, taking place in Viena, Austria. Written by Alejandro Frias 