This very good recovery CD has slowly disappeared off the net, and so far nothing better than it has come around.  Although there are now vista boot CD's, they are still fairly limited  (no start menu/windows explorer/internet explorer), and require a lot of ram.

This CD is great for fixing any computer where windows won't start, or if it's full of virusses, or if you want to back up data onto a usb stick from a faulty pc, or even for just browsing the NET anonymously (no cookies etc.)

The way it works is you burn it to a CD, and then turn the computer on with the CD in the drive.  When you get a menu, select option 5 (the best one), and after a few mins you'll get a fresh windows XP desktop, preloaded with useful applications.  If you like, you can connect to a network to copy files to or from another pc or browse the internet.  The CD is easy to use for beginners wanting to recover data to a USB stick, but also for more advanced users needing to modify registry entries in a broken system, edit partitions, remove virusses, fix disk corruption, replace or remove drivers etc.

It includes hundreds of useful apps, like AV scanners, FTP clients, Remote desktop/vnc/telnet/ssh etc. Partition managers, isobuster, winrar, various web browsers, some network diagnostic tools, the real windows explorer shell (as well as other custom explorer-like shells like nu2menu for running on a low memory system) and a load more.

The disk has built in drivers for pretty much anything, although you can load more drivers during startup by pressing F6 immediatly after the menu and loading them from a floppy - like for example SATA or RAID drivers.  USB flash drives etc. work straight away.

It also has "floppy emulation" on the cd so you can boot into NTFSDos, and a host of other dos tools.

This has powerquest partition magic (windows and dos versions), ERDC, and a ramdisk for storing files.


Basicly in a nutshell, this disk has enough tools on to recover data and fix any windows system provided you're reasonably competant with computers.  No more need to swap hard disks around to recover data on borked systems!