TuneUp 2008 Utilities English (full) (AIO)



Product details

Now with Windows Vista Support !

Expand the possibilities of your operating system: With TuneUp Utilities 2008, your system will be faster, more comfortable and more secure. All important aspects of system configuration, security, cleanup and maintenance can be accessed through a modern graphical interface.


TuneUp Utilities 2008
optimizes the performance of your computer, solves problems and helps you to customize your system to suit your needs.


TuneUp Utilities 2008 has many new features!
With numerous new and improved features, TuneUp Utilities 2008 has become the premier tune-up solution for Windows operating systems.
All improvements from the prior version can be found at the following page:


TuneUp Utilities 2008 - Start Center
TuneUp Utilities is made up of many useful modules that can all be accessed from a common Start Center. This Start Center is divided into five categories to make finding individual modules easier.


Reliable Protection for Your Data
TuneUp Disk Doctor performs a thorough analysis of your disk drives and their file systems. If errors are found during analysis, they can be automatically repaired to prevent data loss.


Simple Hard Disk Organization
Get a quick overview of your entire hard disk with a single click. Identify and eliminate unnecessary files and gain valuable free space.


Simple Windows Customization
Configure all of your important Windows settings to meet your needs, secure your system and expand the functionality of Internet Explorer 7 and Firefox 2.


Perfect Error Correction
Installing and working with applications can often cause errors in the Windows registry. With a few clicks, you can easily find and correct these errors.


Simple 1-Click Maintenance
Run regular maintenance functions with a single click - fully automatically, if desired! Configuring the system, making backups and performing maintenance can be easily carried out using the intuitive user interface.


Optimum Start Acceleration
Decide for yourself which programs should be run on Windows startup. Find and remove unnecessary items that slow down your system so that your computer will work and start up faster.


Internet and Windows Acceleration
Enjoy faster surfing and faster Windows operation. Items in your Windows configuration that slow your system down are detected and fixed. Your Windows registry will be defragmented to give you additional speed.


Secure Data Rescue and Deletion
Easily restore deleted files. Permanently and securely delete sensitive files with the secure DoD 5220.22-M and Gutmann methods.


Individual Windows styling
Give Windows an individual style! Change and expand the interface, replace symbols and even change your Windows XP logon and start screens. Our download area continually provides new additions to give you a much-needed change of style.


Your TuneUp Utilities advantages:
NEW! Configures Internet Explorer 7, Firefox 2, Windows Media Player 11 and Office 2008
NEW! Automatically eliminates errors in the file system
NEW! Allows for simple clean-up of your disk drives
NEW! Deletes sensitive data using the secure DoD 5220.22-M and Gutmann methods
IMPROVED! Gives you intelligent tips to optimize your hardware and software
IMPROVED! Speeds up your system startup
IMPROVED! Scans your system for settings that might be slowing it down and corrects them
Reliably and completely removes unnecessary applications including their registry entries
Offers optimum Internet and system settings for every type of user
Defragments the Windows registry
Restores accidentally deleted files
Speeds up your Internet connection