Mix I've done of some of my favourite crazy penis songs, tracklisting:

You've Lost That Feeling
Can't Get Down
Magical Progression
Show Me (Crazy Penis Remix)
The Rite Place
Sun Science Remix
You Got The Love
The Time is Right
Mid Lounge Crisis
I Think I Like You
The Time is Right

Welcome to the weird but beautiful world of Crazy P, a production team, five-piece band and DJ collective.

FROM THE BEGINNING...

Crazy P started life as the duo of Chris Todd & Jim Baron called Crazy Penis back in 1995.

Having met whilst at Nottingham university, the twoâ??s love of 70â??s disco & soul and the thriving British/U.S. house scene saw them start crafting their own unique brand of soulful dance music.
With very little equipment and a name to shock, the budding bedroom producers started writing and recording together. Having got lots of positive feedback from mates who heard their tracks, the lads plumped up enough courage to send some of their quirky funk off to the newly formed, but already reputable label, Paperecordings, based in Manchester.
Within days of sending the tape, paper head-honcho, Elliot Eastwick was on the phone; they loved the tracks and wanted to sign them for release.
This was the start of an eight-year relationship with the label, which spanned numerous 12â??, remix and album releases.

Having made an impression on the worldwide dance scene with their debut album â??A Nice Hot Bath Withâ?¦.â??, requests started coming in for Crazy Penis live shows across Europe and the world.

Chris & Jim knew they needed help to translate their richly orchestrated sound to the live format and so started their search for like-minded musoâ??s to join the merry throng. They didnâ??t have to look too farâ?¦..Bassist, Tim Davies (an old school-mate of Jimâ??s, and involved in the conception of the first Penis album) was drafted in along with ex-cream percussionist, Mav. The next member to join, vocalist (& Manchester socialite) Danielle Moore was spotted by Jim doing a rousing Shirley Bassey impression at a Manchester house-party in the very early hours of the morning!!! Add a fetchingly tousled beat generator on drums by the name of Matt Klose, and The Line Up became complete.



THE SUN RISES IN THE EAST MIDLANDS...

Following the release of the acclaimed album â??The Wicked Is Musicâ?? IN 2002, the artistes that could only be known as Crazy Penis went from strength to strength, taking their humour-filled, funk-infected Northern floorshow into the world to wow audiences from Manchester to Moscow and from Sydney to San Francisco and back. In addition, founder members Chris Todd and Jim Baron saw their remixing skills put to consistently excellent use by peer labels such as Naked Music. Not to mention Crazy Penis tracks being featured by everyone from â??Sex & The Cityâ?? to arthouse movies from Budapest.

Then Nottinghamâ??s sexiest little funk number returned, all in black and ready to kick off the summer of 2004 with a big bangâ?¦ Crazy Penis released the thrilling â??24 Hour Psychedelic Freakoutâ?? on August 2nd accompanied by a series of typically high-octane live appearances and DJ sets across Europe including The Big Chill main stage on August 1st.

The Reviewers were unanimous.

â??A mesmerising listen time and time againâ?? wrote the BBC website.
â??The most exciting British Dance act since Massive Attackâ?? declared DMC Update.

2005 began with â??24 Hour Psychedelic Freakoutâ?? featuring in the HMV â??Dance Albums Of The Yearâ?? campaign and in Album Of The Year Charts everywhere from Record Collector to IDJ. 2 Years and over 20k sales later, there is consistent demand for this album across the World from Montreal to Marrakech. Longevity: the most pertinent Proof of any Pudding.

Only last month, DFS ran a major UK TV Advertising Campaign featuring â??The Rite Placeâ?? from the album.

â??24 Hour Psychedelic Freakoutâ?? represents a 60+ minute rollercoaster ride through the mixed-up world of Crazy Penis. Instinctively groovy, occasionally laid-back and always musically cool, â??24 Hour Psychedelic Freakoutâ?? is a flash-fried, new season collection of Crazy Penis tracks and exclusive Crazy Penis remixes joined at the hip by mixers du jour Chris Todd and Jim Baron.

Now with their fourth album, "A Night On Earth", being acclaimed as one of the Albums Of The Year by everybody from Pete Tong to Ashley Beedle to Carl Cox to Danny Howells, Crazy P are set to go bang again.



DISCOGRAPHY

1996 â?? The Way We Swing / Summer bummer (12")
1998 â?? Baby We For Real / Get It On (12")
1998 â?? A Nice Hot Bath Withâ?¦ (LP)
2000 â?? Do It Good (remixes) (12")
2001 â?? You Started Something / Real Nice (12")
2002 â?? The Wicked is Music (LP)
2002 â?? Give It Up (12")
2002 â?? You Are We (12")
2002 â?? Keep On (Danny Wang remix) (12")
2004 - 24 Hour Psychedelic Freakout (Mix CD)
2005 â?? Lady T (12")
2006 - A Night On Earth (LP)
2006 - Sun Science (12")

If you like this mix, please please buy their CD's. If you only get one CD, make sure it's the special edition of "A night on earth", as it comes with a DVD of them playing out live! 