 http://www.soking.us/soft/Product/Pro1431.html 
http://down.so-king.com:8080/ 

server 1 
server 2 
server 3 
server 4 
server 5 
server 6
server 7
  
HTTP://WWW.SOKING.US/SOFT
UGS Solid Edge V20
Design Collaboration, Massive Assemblies for Plant Equipment Design and Engineering Productivity for the Entire Value Chain
Better Managed Collaboration Tools
Even if your company isn?t global, you do business globally. Remote divisions or suppliers add to the complexity of Product development. How do you design it, review it, approve it, build it, and ship it -- on time?

New data management features in Solid Edge offer increased performance, robustness, and allow easy access to your data, regardless where it?s stored in your company. You can easily initiate a design changes, clone, and revise assemblies directly in Solid Edge or in your PDM system.

Better Massive Assemblies for Plant Equipment Design and Layout Tools
Solid Edge understands Plant equipment design. Efficiently developing machines with large design teams an massive parts counts?100,000 plus components, are just some of the challenges.

Solid Edge gets your design teams focused in the right Zone. New Zones in Solid Edge version 20 boost performance allowing designers to define a permanent range box to isolate areas or subsystems of a massive assembly they are responsible for.

Massive assemblies mean massive drawings. Solid Edges? new Instant Drawing Review mode, allow just that?opening drawings regardless of size instantly. Instant Drawing Review is fast and smart, this new mode allows instant drawing access for adding dimensions and annotations.

Solid Edge has pioneered massive assembly design?a key component in plant equipment design and layout.

Better Engineering Productivity
Solid Edge understands the challenges engineers and designers face. Solving complex mechanical systems, managing and using existing data, and drawing creation are common examples.

Solid Edge now includes Goal Seeking that lets engineers solve complicated systems with an easy to understand 2D graphical approach. Users simply set a target value and Goal Seeking efficiently solves the system to achieve the desired result. Results can be used to drive 3D geometry in a true hybrid 2D/3D design environment.

Improvements to Feature Libraries allow users to establish complete libraries and define instructions to simplify their reuse.

New tabulated drawings make detailing family of part drawings much easier. Adding tables that list family of part parameters can be created in just minutes.

The engineering productivity continues with over 170 other customer driven enhancements that compliment Solid Edge?s power in part modeling, sheet metal, assembly design, drawing creation and document management.

No other system in the mid-market can offer the value like Solid Edge.    We Dare You to Compare!

 

 

Factory Machine Layout Demo
Zones simpify massive assembly design by allowing permanent design range boxes.  Quickly build assemblies by replicating parts or sub-assemblies with component grouping.

Factory / Machine Layout Demo 
 Drawing Review Demo
Drawing Review Mode allows rapid opening or drawings for reviewing, detailing, or printing no matter how big or detailed the drawing. You can be reviewing and printing in seconds.

Drawing Review Demo 
 

Goal Seeking Demo
Goal Seeking allows users to graphically solve complex engineering scenarios with easy to use 2D sketch geometry. Your results can drive both size and position of 3D components in real-time.

Goal Seeking Demo 
 Automatic Assembly Constraints Demo
Imported assemblies can now be automatically constrained. See how this new tool simplifies creating animations or motion studies of foreign data.

Automatic Assembly Constraints Demo  
