THE DUB SESSION PODCAST
progressive reggae dub and downtempo grooves 
http://www.dubsession.com

The Dub Session podcast is a mix of reggae dub, ambient groove, roots reggae versions, classic 70's rockers DJs, downtempo, breakbeat, cinematic sounds and homegrown electronica by DJ Chill Will.



DUB SESSION 40 - FUNKY KINGSTON

For episode 40, the Dub Session takes a version excursion to "Funky" Kingston

It's the early 70's. Kingston, Jamaica is abuzz with funky reggae sounds, new electronic wah-wah guitar pedals, moog keyboard synthesizers, and tons of funk-dafied reggae experimentation from King Tubby, Lee Perry, Bob Marley, Big Youth, The Skatalites, and the Pioneers.

This episode takes a trip to Kingston's early 1970s funky reggae era, with some great reggae covers and versions of funk tunes. In addition, we have lots of home-grown Kingston hits, and a few U.S funksters like the Meters and the Ohio Players crossing over to provide funky reggae-ska-soul-funk versions.  Episode 40 kicks off with "Some Good Old Funky Music" from the Meters, and then hits us from the top like a "Crazy MotherFunky" featuring two duos with Bob Marley and Lee Perry - "Caution" and "Shocks Amighty."  

The Funky Reggae era lasted in Kingston from 1968 until 1974. During this time, King Tubby and Lee Perry were the primary producers of funk and reggae crossover music.  In 1973 Bob Marley & The Wailer's first Island records album "Catch a Fire"  introduced reggae to a broader, global audience.  After 1973, fans outside of Jamaica began their love affair with reggae, creating a new rush of interest and many new artists on Kingston scene. By 1975, "Funky Reggae" had given way to a new trend, the Rockers era (see Dub Session episode 28), heralding roots reggae artists and the new superstar - DJ vocalists and toasters.


PLAYLIST

01 Intro - The Funky Meters - Good Old Funky Music
02 Bob Marley and Lee Perry - Caution and Shocks of Mighty pt. 1
03 King Tubby & Jacob Miller - City Of The Weak Heart Dub (Mixed by King Tubby)
04 The Ohio Players - Funky Worm
05 Cymande - 1972
06 The Funky Meters - Jambalaya
07 Lee 'Scratch' Perry - Kung Fu - Enter The Dragon - Theme from Hong Kong
08 Skatalites Meet King Tubby In Dub - Fugitive Dub - Motion Records
09 The Pioneers - papa was a rolling stone (reggae version)
10 Get Back - The Beatles (Toots and Maytals Reggae Version)
11 Lee Perry & The Upsetters - Jungle Lion
12 Jablonski - Soul Makossa -Out on A Funky Trip - Motion Records
13 Big Youth - Downtown Kingston Pollution
14 Version - Paul McCartney - Live and Let Die (reggae version)
15 Tommy McCook - Bubble Strut - Out On A Funky Trip - Motion Records
16 Bob_Marley_&_The_Wailers - Kinky Reggae -  Catch_A_Fire (Original_Jamaican_Version)
17 Power Steppers -  Dub Session Roots Future Bumper
18 Quincy Jones_Greatest Hits_Sanford & Son Theme The Streetbeater
19 The Dreads At King Tubby's (1974 To 1977)- Dr. Alimentado & Jah Stitch-The Barber Feel It
20 The Funky Meters - Message From The Meters -
21 Lloyd Charmers & the Hippy Boys - Look-ka-py-py
22 Bob Marley - Chant Down Babylon Remixes- Roots, Rock, Reggae


THE DUB SESSION PODCAST
progressive reggae dub and downtempo grooves 
http://www.dubsession.com
