Torrented by Sanctuary-Lounge.com

Description & Installation Instructions.

Pixologic’s ZBrush 2 ***NEWEST***
     A unique 2D/2.5D/3D application 

What does it do?

ZBrush is a 2D/2.5D/3D application that is truly unlike any 
other program out on the market today. You can create 
extremely high detailed models, as in several millions of 
polygons. If you use a pen and tablet you’ll find painting 
and sculpting detail and textures onto your object much 
easier than using a mouse and much more natural feeling. 
And if you like to paint 2D scenes with rich textures and 
vibrant colors, it can do that, too! ZBrush has a unique 
building block called Pixols, which are similar to pixels 
except they also contain depth, orientation and material.

ZBrush from Pixologic has been around for a few years 
now, but it remains a remarkable graphics program that 
really has no equal – or even poor copy, for that matter. 
Version 2 introduces more 3D tools and features to the 
already impressive set, making the tool evenly split 
between a 2.5D painting program and full 3D modelling 
application. In working practice though, it’s both, because 
many of the workflows in ZBrush make use of the 2.5D 
canvas and the polygon models.

ZBrush uses a unique deep-pixel technology called 
Pixols, which can be painted at depth as well as on the 
2D plane. Pixols can mount up on top of existing Pixols, 
enabling you to almost ‘pour’ them on the screen. 
Alternatively, they can be applied negatively to cut into 
an existing image. You can add primitive (and not so 
primitive) 3D objects to the image, rotate and move them, 
and they will interact smoothly with the Z-depth of the 
canvas, with the Pixols intersecting the canvas at different 
depths.

Installation Instructions:
Unrar
Install the app (setup.exe)
Select install via telephone.  It will give you a reqest code.
Enter the request code into the keygen.
Enter the response code (from KG) to reg the prog!

Enjoy!

Keygen by Paradox