Daso - Meine Idee EP 2007 [SPC047] [Tech House / Minimal Techno]


" I dare saying that this is one of the quintessential releases of 2007. It will certainly have a high ranking in my personal top five of this year, as this is undoubtedly one of the best releases I have come across to till date. Daso's first release Daybreak had me going through both 2005 and 2006, and I already know Meine Idee is about to do the same for years to come. If neo-trance is a religion, Daso's the prophet, freshing up the electronic music industry with high-profile, innovative and dreamy sounds. "

- 365 International Music Magazine


 
http://www.discogs.com/release/1094621


Label:	Spectral Sound
Catalog#:	SPC-47
Format:	Vinyl, 12", EP
Country:	US
Released:	31 Oct 2007
Genre:	Electronic
Style:	Minimal, Tech House


Tracklisting:


01 - Daso - Meine [7:55]
02 - Daso - Idee [7:06]
03 - Daso - Deine Schuhe [6:07]


48.3MB

320KBps Digial Release.



I love everything Daso produces, and have been spending much time with this EP since it's release.

It should be noted that the first track contained here can be categorised in many ways, including Techno Pop.  Daso is indeed a very diversely skilled and creative   producer and has always brought innovation to existing styles in the field.


If you haven't done so already, be sure to check out my previous post of his amazing "Absinthe EP" on the schedule.


You can find out more about the well respected and innovative Daso, here:

 
http://www.myspace.com/dasofranke



Enjoy and please seed.


themagicke


 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/themagicke
                                     
http://www.darksiderg.com/	




" The latest addition to the Spectral Family is Cologne-based Daso Franke, otherwise known simply as Daso. Having released his first record only two years ago, Daso has quickly garnered international attention through releases on Traum's house-oriented sublabel My Best Friend (MBF), Session Deluxe, Connaisseur and Flash Recordings. His inaugural 12" for Spectral Sound, "Meine Idee EP," showcases his broad range of talents and combines them into one sensational EP.

The title track, "Meine," is a brilliant new take on the international techno form, maintaining a streamlined sportscar-like fluidity across its eight minutes.  The B-side offers two unique tracks, starting off with the electro-inspired "Idee" and its bubbling melodics.  "Deine Schuhe" translates into "Your Shoes," perhaps a nod to the dancefloor or a bizarre childhood memory with its snappy hi-hats and mesmerizing compositional vortex.

Daso truly comes into his own on his first Spectral record, expanding upon his marvelous reputation already earned in the house and techno scenes. Blending various elements throughout the EP creates a sound uniquely his own that dancefloors will no doubt covet. "