TITLE     : O'Reilly Commercial Photoshop Retouching: In the Studio (eBook)
AUTHOR    : Glenn Honiball
PUBLISHER : O'Reilly Media, Inc.
ISBN      : 059600849X
EDITION   : 1st
FORMAT    : CHM
SIZE      : 5,76 MB


RELEASE NOTES

For both Mac and Windows PC users, Photoshop CS2 is the market
leader and industry standard for commercial bitmap image
manipulation. Also known as the "digital dark room," Photoshop is
the unparalleled tool of choice among graphics professionals and
hobby photographers alike. Written by 20-year photo retouching
veteran Glenn Honiball, Commercial Photoshop Retouching: In the
Studio is the only book to deliver advice for the photographer and
artist working with Photoshop CS 2 in a real world commercial
environment. Honiball offers incomparable technical and artistic
guidance for professionals, graphic artists, photographers, and
just about anyone involved in creating and manipulating digital
images. Production artists face unrealistically tight deadlines
and heavy workloads that leave little time for trial and error.
Photo retouchers need practical, immediate Photoshop solutions to
help them produce quality images with minimal effort and in a
short amount of time. All the tools, techniques, and skills you
need to achieve consistent, professional results with Photoshop
CS2 can be found in Commercial Photoshop Retouching: In the
Studio. Anyone with intermediate-to-advanced Photoshop
skills--whether you want to explore photo retouching personally or
as an imaging professional or student--can use Commercial
Photoshop Retouching: In the Studio to produce sharp, expert,
extraordinary photos that don't look retouched. Under Honibell's
seasoned direction, you'll be able to tackle your greatest
photo-retouching challenges with ease, precision and efficiency.
He guides you through Photoshop CS2's new and innovative features;
explains advanced capabilities; shows you how to adapt and
custom-fit the software to meet your needs; offers time-saving
tips for accelerating your workflow; and delivers advice and
inspiration for exercising your own creative genius. Commercial
Photoshop Retouching: In the Studio is the ideal resource for any
digital artist who wants to develop and perfect professional-level
retouching using Photoshop CS 2. With this book, you will bring
photo correction and manipulation to a whole new level.
 
http://www.amazon.com/exec/obidos/tg/detail/-/059600849X/


INSTALL INFORMATION

Unzip, unrar and enjoy

