Stolen (c) HIP Interactive

            04/2005 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Stolen
                  1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: Adventure

                                                           
 
  This release is dedicated to pope John Paul II who passed away 02.04.2004
 
 
 
  Stolen is an ultra realistic, third person, stealth / action game where you
  play a sexy high-tech female thief.
 
  In a city plagued by crime and corruption, heroes are found on the wrong
  side of the law. Anya Romanov is a sexy, high-tech thief; Louis Palmer is
  the voice in her ear - advisor, confidant, friend. When an everyday job
  turns sour, they find themselves drawn into a web of conspiracy that will
  shake the whole city to the ground.
  Stolen is a game of stealth and agility which pits your skills against
  futuristic technologies to define the big-time heist genre.

  Features:
  - unique subject matter: play the role of a Hollywood-style thief with a
    host of athletic and martial arts abilities.
  - Break into and out of movie-like locations and steal priceless items.
  - Use atmospheric real-time volumetric shadow technology to hide from your
    enemies.
  - Employ hi-tech gadgets, tools and weapons to reach your objectives.
  - Various security companies and systems to outsmart, each with unique
    personalities and traits.
  - A stressful atmosphere - with tense and dramatic action set pieces.
  - High tech thief equipment: tracking devices, sonic visor, traversal
    equipment and more.
  - Various enemies and guards will be doing their best to make you fail.
    Get ready for some intense action sequences!
  - Vast array of interesting characters set to a mature background story
    supported by cinematics
 
                          http://www.stolen-game.com

                                                               
                                                                             
                                                                 

  1. Unrar.
  2. Burn or mount with daemon tools.
  3. Install the game.
  4. Play the game.

Detta är original rellen utan reklam från elitewebt3.
This is the original release without ads from elitewebt3.