Cisco Adaptive Security Device Manager 5.04 (ASDM) for Pix Firewall 7
----------------------------------------------------------------
ONLY For PIX with OS ver 7 !!!!!
----------------------------------------------------------------
Release by Gregorlan (PL)
Great Polish Team deliver you a newest release of Cisco Pix Firewall Managment Software...
Now avaible to anyone...
----------------------------------------------------------------
Cisco® Adaptive Security Device Manager (ASDM) delivers world-class security management and monitoring through an intuitive, easy-to-use Web-based management interface. Bundled with Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliances and Cisco PIX® Security Appliances, Cisco ASDM accelerates security appliance deployment with intelligent wizards, robust administration tools, and versatile monitoring services that complement the advanced integrated security and networking features offered by the market-leading suite of Cisco security appliances. Its secure, Web-based design enables anytime, anywhere access to Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliances and Cisco PIX Security Appliances.

INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT SOLUTION PROVIDES FLEXIBLE ACCESS OPTIONS

Cisco Adaptive Security Device Manager (ASDM) can be accessed directly with a Web browser from any Java plug-in enabled computer on the network, providing security administrators with rapid, secure access to their Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliances or Cisco PIX Security Appliances. It provides a unique option for administrators---a new Microsoft Windows-based launcher application can be downloaded directly from the security appliance to a management computer. This application accelerates the startup of Cisco ASDM, providing increased efficiency in managing security appliances. By running separate instances of the Cisco ASDM launcher application, administrators can connect to multiple security appliances from the convenience of a single management workstation, thus simplifying management in small business environments.
STARTUP WIZARD ACCELERATES SECURITY APPLIANCE DEPLOYMENT

Cisco ASDM features a Startup Wizard that helps accelerate the security appliance deployment process. A series of simple step-by-step configuration panels help administrators get their appliances up and running quickly and create a robust configuration that allows traffic to flow securely through their networks. The Startup Wizard provides the ability to configure optional features such as Dynamic Host Control Protocol (DHCP) server settings, Network Address Translation (NAT), administrative access, and Auto Update, a revolutionary secure remote-management capability that helps keep appliance configurations and software images up-to-date.
DASHBOARD SUPPLIES ADMINISTRATORS WITH VITAL REAL-TIME SYSTEM STATUS INFORMATION

Cisco ASDM 5.0 includes a dynamic dashboard that provides a complete system overview and device health statistics at a glance (Figure 1). It can automatically detect the Cisco security appliances being configured; for each, it will display the software version, license information, and important statistics. In complex network environments, it presents administrators with real-time status indicators and provides a launching point to powerful analysis tools and advanced monitoring capabilities---including a real-time syslog viewer, with pattern-matching capabilities to filter syslogs based on network addresses, port numbers, host names, and more. This release introduces a powerful search engine that helps administrators locate where specific features can be configured, and provides convenient point-and-click access to the search results.

ROBUST SECURITY POLICY MANAGEMENT LOWERS OPERATIONAL COSTS

Cisco ASDM Version 5.0 features powerful management services that simplify security policy definition and ongoing policy maintenance by giving security administrators the ability to create reusable network and service object groups and inspection policy maps that can be referenced by multiple security policies. It also supports the wide range of access control features offered by both Cisco ASA Software Version 7.0 and Cisco PIX Security Appliance Software Version 7.0, such as user- and group-based access lists, time-based access lists, and inbound/outbound access lists. Cisco ASDM Version 5.0 also supports the new Modular Policy Framework supported in both these software versions. This powerful, highly flexible framework allows administrators to identify a network flow or a traffic class based on different conditions, and then apply a set of customizable inspection services, Quality of Service (QoS) services, and connection services to each flow or traffic class. These advanced access control and application inspection capabilities, coupled with easy-to-use ongoing policy management services, help to ensure a robust and dynamic security profile for businesses of all sizes.
BUSINESS-CLASS SECURITY SERVICES ENFORCE SECURE, ROLE-BASED ADMINISTRATIVE ACCESS

Cisco ASDM Version 5.0 integrates an array of robust security services to prevent unauthorized administrative access to a device. It supports a wide range of methods for authenticating administrators, including a local authentication database on a Cisco ASA 5500 Series Adaptive Security Appliance or a Cisco PIX Security Appliance, or via a RADIUS/TACACS server. All communications between Cisco ASDM (running on an administrator's computer) and the security appliance are encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) with either 56-bit Data Encryption Standard (DES) or the more secure 168-bit Triple DES (3DES) algorithm. Cisco ASDM supports up to 16 levels of customizable administrative access that grant administrators and operations personnel the appropriate level of permissions for every Cisco security appliance they manage (for example, monitoring-only, read-only access to the configuration).
RICH VPN MANAGEMENT EXTENDS SECURE CONNECTIVITY TO BUSINESS PARTNERS AND REMOTE SITES

Cisco ASDM Version 5.0 features comprehensive VPN configuration capabilities, including an intelligent VPN wizard for simplified provisioning, which allows businesses to establish Internet Key Exchange (IKE) and IP Security (IPSec) policies for site-to-site VPN deployments. Cisco ASDM also delivers full-featured management for Cisco Easy VPN remote-access VPN concentrator services, supporting features ranging from VPN client security posture enforcement, automatic software updating, VPN clustering, and more. On the Cisco ASA 5500 Series, Cisco ASDM integrates comprehensive Cisco WebVPN management features (Figure 2) to allow administrators to quickly provision and enable remote-access connectivity from any Internet-enabled Web browser and its native SSL encryption. Cisco ASDM also delivers advanced VPN monitoring capabilities, providing administrators insight with numerous statistics and graphs showing metrics such as session uptimes, data transferred 

