Being online is fraught with dangers: Internet worms, spyware agents, Trojan horses, hijackers and more can wreak havoc, causing anything from slow performance to system crashes to full-blown identity theft. And to provide you with the kind of protection you need in these days of cyberthieves and online extortionists, your firewall must be able to monitor all inbound and outbound traffic and protect you from any unauthorized intrusion by rendering your PC invisible to anything that you haven?t authorized to see it. 

Outpost Firewall PRO Benefits
NEW! Protection from spyware and identity theft
New anti-spyware capabilities built into the program protect your computer against the rapidly increasing threats from spyware and ID theft. Spyware cannot enter, activate on, or transmit information out of computers protected by Outpost 3.0. The ID Block feature lets you determine which specific items of personal information, for example bank account numbers, are blocked from ever leaving the computer.

Know what's happening on your PC at all times 
Outpost?s Network Activity Monitor watches every connection between your computer and the Internet, alerting you immediately to any communications that may be unauthorized so you can take appropriate action.

Automatic, intelligent protection against hacker attacks
Outpost?s Attack Detection automatically blocks network probes, zombie attacks, and other remote attempts to access your PC, using its continually-updated intrusion definitions database.

Control how applications communicate
Outpost?s Component Control, Hidden Process Control, and Open Memory Control let you decide what applications and processes on your PC are allowed to do and what - if any- outbound connections they may make. Spyware can?t phone home from an Outpost-protected PC.

Understand the threats
Every time Outpost 3.0 asks you for information regarding action to be taken, the new Smart Advisor helps you to choose the best course of action by displaying context-sensitive hints and live advice. So you?ll never need to wonder whether you?ve made the right security decision, and you?ll learn something new about firewall security every time.
