The Hammersmith Gorillas or Gorillas as they were also known, were formed in 1974 and lasted until 1981. Based around the creative talents of Jesse Hector, who was no stranger to the music scene, the band made a reputation for itself in the early days before and during the punk revolution. Jesse Hector had been involved in the music scene since the age of 15. He had played guitar in the mid- 60's cult band the Clique (not to be confused with the US band of the same name ) then fronted some politically incorrect bands by the names of Helter Skelter and Crushed Butler in the late 60's. In 1971 Hector got together with Alan Butler (bass) and Gary Anderson (drums) and took the name of a pro Castro activist group and the band, the Hammersmith Gorillas were born. The band recorded a pumped up wild version of the Kinks. " You Really Got Me," as their first single for Larry Page's Penny Farthing label and it immediately captured the attention of a young generation yearning for a new style of music. The sheer energy and attitude behind the single won it immediate notoriety among the young people but it failed to impress the radio programmers so it did not receive the airplay it deserved. After the failure of Page's label, the band signed to the fledgling Chiswick indie label and recorded further singles. By 1976 the punk movement began to rear its ugly head and the Hammersmith Gorillas were right in the midst of the movement. Along with their friends in the bands the Damned, Eddie & the Hot Rods and more, the Gorillas as they were now known, went to France to play in the legendary Mont De Marsan Punk Festival. After the Festival punk took the world by storm and many bands popped up vowing to change the world. In 1978 the Gorillas recorded their debut (and only) album titled Message to The World for Raw records. The band rode the wave of the punk movement and in 1981 band member Alan Butler died a tragic death and the band broke up. Nearly a decade later in 1991 Hector returned to the music business and formed The Sound. Gorilla Got Me compiles 22 tracks from the careers of the Hammersmith Gorillas and the Gorillas. This set contains singles and selected album tracks originally released between 1974-1978 and contains a number of previously unreleased live tracks. Although the Gorillas will never make the rock and roll hall of fame the band's contribution to the 70's music scene is worthy of documentation. The set also contains detailed liner notes, a history of the band discography and rare photos. A fitting tribute to one of the forgotten innovators of the punk movement.