Brutal truth Pack
quote wikipedia - 


QUOTE
The band was originally signed to Earache Records, on which they released two albums, 1992's Extreme Conditions Demand Extreme Responses, and 1994's Need to Control, as well as an EP entitled Perpetual Conversion, and a 7" single for the song "Godplayer". Brutal Truth found frustration with Earache Records, as did many 1990s Relapse Records bands, and switched to Relapse Records, known for its roster of grindcore acts, with whom they stayed until the band's demise.

On Relapse they released the mini album Kill Trend Suicide, a full length release entitled Sounds of the Animal Kingdom, and a double CD live album called Goodbye Cruel World. The band has also released many split 7" singles on smaller labels, with most of these being out of print and difficult to find.

In 2001, the Guinness Book of Records awarded Brutal Truth the record for "Shortest Music Video" for their video "Collateral Damage", which is 2.18 seconds long and consists of 48 still images in rapid succession followed by a clip of an explosion.

Drummer Rich Hoak now provides vocals and drums for a new project titled Total Fucking Destruction. Kevin Sharp released an album with Venomous Concept in 2004, a hardcore punk band featuring members from The Melvins and Napalm Death. He was also a member of Australian grind band Damaged for a little over a year from 1999. Dan Lilker now plays for a host of bands and is currently bassist for the re-united Nuclear Assault.

As of late 2006, according to their official website and MySpace page, Brutal Truth has reformed with three-quarters of the final lineup returning (Lilker, Hoak and Sharp); Jody Roberts (of the band Salt This Earth) is apparently replacing Brent McCarty on guitar. The band has played a handful of dates in the US and has announced tour dates for the UK and Japan beginning in early 2007.


Members 
Rich Hoak
Dan Lilker
Jody Roberts
Kevin Sharp
Erick Burke 
Former members 
Brent McCarthy 

Pack contains - 
Birth of ignorance demo
Ill neglect EP
Birth of ignorance Bootleg
Perpetual Conversion EP
Brutal truth & Spazz split
Brutal truth & Converge split
Ekstreme conditions demand ekstreme responses
Goodbye cruel world
Kill trend suicide
Need to control
Sounds of the animal kingdom

Albums in various bitrate
535 MB

Enjoy,seed and say thanks