"An underground country, each level of its underground home is another set of strange people. From the casual crowd, to families and civilians, to scientists, and military. However there are also floors you don't want the elevator to stop at. What could happen if the elevator were to stop on a psychotic prisoners level, sending them to be disposed of is what we get to see and how things can go completely bizarre when you involve telepathic powers, violence, rape, and gore all into one enclosed elevator."

"Our movie takes place in the near-future land of Japan, where the citizens now live in extremely tall buildings and never venture to the outside world. Seventeen-year-old psychic Luchino Fujisaki (credited as Luchino Fujisaki as well) is on her way to school one day, when she decides to smoke a cigarette on the way. This doesn't go over too well with the Surveillance Bureau, as the possession of cigarettes is a felony in this new world. Luchino throws down her cigarette and manages to escape, but her throwing the cigarette on the ground manages to cause a massive explosion due to some leaking fuel. Her route of escape leads her to one of the elevators that go up and down the length of the building, and here, she meets her companions for the remainder of the movie. There's Viblio Sawatsukumori (Ikuma Saisho), a microbiologist carrying a briefcase full of cash and who appears to be quite the nervous fellow; there's Ninalada Mochizuki (Yuuko Takarada), a lady pushing around a baby carriage containing an unusually quiet child; finally, there's a young man wearing headphones and dark glasses and a very efficient lift attendant whose names were never mentioned. Things are going as good as one would expect for a fugitive of the law, until the lift attendant receives a phone call from the Surveillance Bureau... seems as though they have a couple of criminals who are set to be executed, and they need to transport them on this elevator. Luchino isn't recognized by the two police officers who board the elevator with the two criminals, so she breathes a sigh of relief... however, the criminals quickly put her on edge. There's Calpico Teranouchi (Kôji Yokokawa), a huge, quiet man convicted of being a bomber, and then there's the loud-mouthed rapist man whose name was also never mentioned. The police chain them to the side of the elevator, and one cop leaves the other to tend to them by himself. When an explosion rips through the building, causing the elevator to stall out and setting the criminals free from their bindings, all hell starts to break loose with Luchino thrust directly into the