Kinzie Kenner - scene from `Hard Candy 2` (2006)


Cast:
Kinzie Kenner, Jerry


Sex ingredients:
Sexy business lowcut outfit. In room. Jerry. Spanks her. Eats her. Topless. Titty play. Screwing on her back & clit solo, doggie. Anal rev cowgirl. He strokes off on her pussy. Anal rev cowgirl, from behind her. A2M. Anal head down ass up. He strokes off on her face and open mouth. Cum play. 



Scene review:
Cute brunette Kinzie gets a few words of support on the phone from a friend as she goes to her first job interview. She unbuttons her top a little further to add a little tease, and heads in to meet Jerry. After a verbal interview, he decides to see if she really has what it takes and has her bend over the desk. He gives her a couple good spanks before pulling up her skirt, and makes sure to massage her ass a little as well as slapping it. Jerry rips open her stockings to tongue her from behind, and even breaks open her shirt to play with her tits as he works on her down below. He comes up to kiss her before letting Kinzie lie back on the desk for a little more tongue action and a little missionary fucking. She rolls over for him to fuck her like a dog before attacking Jerry's joystick orally and then sliding her ass over it for a reverse cowgirl rectal reaming. Jerry also takes Kinzie's ass from behind and lets her have a nice taste of it from her cock while she talks dirty to him and gapes back at him. Finally, Kinzie gets down to take a great ball blast from Jerry in and around her mouth that she shows off and appears to partially swallow down.

This is a great final scene. I love the job interview opening and the shock on Kinzie`s face as Jerry makes the interview a bit more physical. The domination theme comes across very well at the start, but nicely fades into Kinzie appearing to want the sex just as much as Jerry. She takes it in the ass like a champ, and gapes very nicely when Jerry pulls out in doggie. There`s a very nice flow to the scene and the anal almost seems like a natural progression for the scene. Kinzie and Jerry give Hard Candy 2 a very sweet finish.


[Movie] 
Valid : Yes [AVI] 
Duration : 00:26:28 
Movie complete : Yes 

[Video] 
Resolution : 640x352 
Codec : XviD MPEG-4 codec 
FPS : 29.97 
BitRate : 1567 Kbps 
Quality Factor : 0.24 b/px 

[Audio] 
Codec : MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3) 
Number of channels : 2 
Sample Rate : 48000 Hz 
BitRate : 128 Kbps



SCREENS: 
http://www.jam-hot.com/details.php?id=10088


For more nush-nush: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/deirdre1987/







.





