Leif Alpsjö with Dan Erixon, Seth Lindell, Malin Svensson
Tidlöst / Timeless

Music for the nyckelharpa, accompanied by piano, accordion, guitar, church organ

About the artists, in their own words:

Leif Alpsjö

Born 1943 i Uppsala.
Growing up in Uppsala, in 1952 I joined the first folk dance group for children there and met many fiddlers. Later I was studying violin in the music school and also took up banjo and guitar to play in a dixie-land band. For 10 years, my violin hung on the wall and collected dust. Then, in 1970, I was inspired by a concert of Eric Sahlström and Viksta-Lasse and again picked up my fiddle and began dancing and playing and learning folk songs. After four years of intense study, primarily with Ivar Tallroth, I played for my Zorn medal and became a Rikspelman on the violin in the style of August Bohlin. My medal won, I began to play the nyckelharpa and by 1975 I was a full-time fiddler. In 1977, I created ("Play the Nyckelharpa"), an edition of music books and cassettes to which a video has since been added. From 1975 to 1995 I gave 70 folk music courses in the mansion in Österbybruk. We were a big wonderful group of teachers on fiddle, nyckelharpa, accordion, and clarinet, as well as dancing and singing. It became the hub of nyckelharpa playing in the world. I toured all over Sweden and gave courses for teachers, concerts, courses and helped start fiddling groups. And over 10 years I gave eleven eight-week courses in the Wik school for adults, close to 250 fiddlers in all. With my fiddle, harpa, cowhorn and dance shoes, I have toured with concerts and performed on European radio and TV and made 18 tours in the USA. I inspired four American nyckelharpa players to the forming of the American Nyckelharpa Association, established in August 1995 and they gave me a free life time membership ! In my home is my studio and also a shop for fiddles, nyckelharpas and accessories. My job is my life and I'm going to live this way for many more years. When does a fiddler become a pensioner ? 

Dan Erixon, Norrköping
Born 1943 i Uppsala.
I grew up near a fiddler. As soon as I could reach up to the keys of his piano, he let me stand there to play as much as I wanted ­ and just praised me every time ! As a teenager I played piano and guitar in my own dance-, jazz- and rock bands. Summertimes, we played out in the folketspark. It was around this time I started with folk tunes on the guitar. If you are looking down from the eternal spelmansstemma up there, Gustav and Gunnar, please give me your blessing for moving your fiddle tunes to the guitar ! 

Malin Svensson, Munga, Tierp. 
Born 1973. 
I began to study the piano at age 7. At 14 I added organ and took lessons from different organists.Since 1988 I have worked as an organist, as well as with different musical styles as piano accompanist to soloists and choirs. Since 1991 I have conducted and led many different kinds of childrens' and adult choirs, at present the women's choir, "The Ladies" in Tierp. For many years I have worked with my music in health care for the disabled, aged and handicapped. In 2002, I graduated from Sjövik's folkhögskola as a music therapist. Seth Lindell, Uppsala
Born 1965.
I grew up in a small village, and started with accordion at age 9. After evening courses and private lessons I met an accordion player who for four years took me with him to play for folk dancing every Sunday in Lövstabruk. At age 17 I started studying accordion for two years. I work as a music teacher in Tierp where I in addition to teaching 15-20 of the 40 nyckelharpa students also teach the violin, recorder and accordion. 

Tracks:
1. Virestads brudmarsch Leif och Malin 
2. När kronan dansades av bruden Leif
Dancing the crown off the bride 
3. Två valser från Enviken Leif och Malin
Two waltzes from Enviken 
4. Byggna'n Leif och Dan
The Building as in "the building of" 
5. Hem från Gesunda ­ Leif
Homeward from Gesunda 
6. Liten Bohlinpolska ­ A little Bohlinpolska Leif 
7. En liten Menuett av Johann Sebastian Bach och
Polska efter Anders Liljefors d. ä. Leif och Malin, svit
A Little Minuet by Johann Sebastian Bach and a polska after Anders Liljefors 
8. Jägarmarschen Leif och Dan The Hunters March 
9. Rasmus låt ­ Rasmus' Tune Leif 
10. Wachet auf, ruft uns die Stimme Leif och Malin
Wake up, unto us calls the Voice 
11. Kyrkmarsch ­ Church March Leif och Dan 
12. Bondschultza från Roslagen Malin 
13. När länsman tog koa Leif 
14. Randig kjortel ­ Striped Kirtle Leif 
15. Skålarna ­ "The Cheers" Leif och Dan 16. Norrgärdeshambo Seth 17. Liten vals till Sara ­ A Little Waltz for Sara Leif 18. The Abbots Bromley Leif och Malin 19. Västermarnspolskan Leif och Dan The Polska of Western Marsh 20. Tobopolketten ­ The Tobo Polkett 21. On the Sunny Side of the Street Leif och Seth 

