Games : Windows : Full Game : English
Preserved for Posterity Arcade Pack #2

A PfP Release
October 19, 2007

PfP Arcade Packs will contain at least 10
games per pack. This Pack (#2) Contains the
following 10 games:

3 en Raya, Flash Player 5.0 r30, Macromedia, Inc.
(A version of Naughts and Crosses [Tic-Tac-Toe], but does not
use X's and O's)

3D Net Blazer, Flash Player 5.0 r30, Macromedia, Inc.
(Shoot some hoops, basketball style!)

The above two games were added to this collection by PfP (that's
me). This package was originally from
and included only the eigth games that follow. I added the
previous two in order to meet my 10 game minimum for a PfP
Arcade Pack.

Asteroid Field,
(Try to hit as many asteroids as you can as you travel through
the asteroid field. Use your mouse to aim and the spacebar to
fire. If you get hit 50 times the game will end. This is NOT a
clone of the arcade game Asteroids.)

Crazy Arcade,
(I haven't figure this one out yet, but perhaps a visit towill provide the enlightenment!)

PacMan,
(Hopefully, no explanation is needed for this one! After all,
there was a pop song [Pac-Man Fever] named after this one!)

Prince of Persia,
(You have 8 minutes to navigate the dungeon to the Vizier's throne
room and stop him from unleashing the Sands of Time!)

Snake,
(Eat as many apples as you can, but don't hit the walls or your
own tail!)

Space Invaders,
(This is NOT Space Invaders in the sense of the classic arcade
machine - it is more like GALAGA, or perhaps GALAXIAN.)

Tank,
(Evil scientist Karbafos with his war machines capture city
Alhador. Legendary Zorro Tank has only 1 day to kill all evil
machines and release city citizens from terror.)

TETRIS Arcade!,
(Yet another incarnation of this timeless classic! It's fun with
a jamming soundtrack!)

Note that the eight games fromautomatically launch your default browser and visitupon exiting the game. It is quite annoying, but some of the games are fun enough that it is tolerable!

All of the games in this pack are Macromedia Flash based games
in executable (.exe) format, and should function with any 32-bit
version of Microsoft Windows.

Install, enjoy and look for more PfP Arcade Packs and other
releases soon.

PfP - October 19, 2007

PfP Arcade Pack #2 - 3 en Raya, 3D Net Blazer, Asteroid Field, Crazy Arcade, PacMan, Prince of Persia, Snake, Space Invaders, Tank, TETRIS Arcade!