HKFlix Says:  	4 Stars
This film has widely been considered the Holy Grail of martial arts films, due to its legendary reputation, its cast, and its unexplained obscurity on DVD. It is indeed an excellent film, though perhaps lacking somewhat as far as quantity of fight scenes. The clear highlight of the film is the fight between Sammo Hung and Lau Kar Leung--a fu fan's dream.

Avg. Rating: 	
  4.1 / 5 (based on 19 ratings). What did you think of it?
Plot:	Several stories intersect in this exciting period film with comedy, drama, and action. Sammo and Max are both pedicab drivers pursuing love interests. But Max's girlfriend has a secret to hide, involving a local gangster who plays for keeps.
Copyright ┬⌐ 2001-6 HKFlix, all rights reserved. No part of this text may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from HKFlix.
Overview:	Several stories intersect in this exciting period film with comedy, drama, and action.

Sammo and Max are both pedicab drivers pursuing love interests. Sammo's would-be girlfriend is a young beauty working at a local bakery, where Sammo also rents a room. But Sammo's advances on her are often stalled when her boss (who is much too old for her) desperately attempts to keep her for himself, despite her complete lack of interest.

Sammo's friend Max meets a girl one day after accidentally running her over with his pedicab. But we soon learn that she has a horrible secret to hide, involving a local gangster who plays for keeps.

These two stories intersect when Sammo and some of his pedicab-driver buddies are forced to deal with the local gangster after a series of unfortunate and despicable events.

Look out for cameos by nearly every big name in the industry, including Lam Ching Ying ("Mr. Vampire", "Prodigal Son"), Eric Tsang ("Aces Go Places", "Golden Chicken"), Corey Yuen Kwai ("The 7 Grandmasters", "Drunken Master" action director), Peter Chan Lung ("Knockabout"), Hsiao Ho ("Mad Monkey Kung Fu"), and an utterly awesome fighting performance with Sammo by the legendary Lau Kar Leung (AKA "Liu Chia Liang").