Jag har använt DvDShrink för att få ner storleken på denna. Originalet var 7.02 Gb och jag har bara 130 kb/s uppladdningshastighet. Om någon vill ha DvDn i full storlek så säg bara till.


Apocalypse Now Redux (1979) SVE

Medverkande: Marlon Brando, Robert Duvall, Martin Sheen, Laurence Fishburne, Dennis Hopper och Harrison Ford.
Kategori: Action, Äventyr, Krig....
Ljud: 5.1 Dolby
Längd: 194 minuter

Saigon - mitt under ett brinnande Vietnamkrig.
På ett hotellrum i staden befinner sig kapten Willard. Han är närmast medvetslös efter en spritdränkt natt, när två amerikanska soldater knackar på dörren. De medför ett extremt hemligt budskap.
Willard hämtas till den amerikanska armens högkvarter där han får i uppdrag att bege sig uppför floden till gränsen mellan Vietnam och Kambodja. Här härskar sedan en tid en galen amerikansk överste vid namn Kurtz.
Willards uppdrag: Eliminera Kurtz till varje pris.




I have used DvDShrink to make this DvD smaller. The original was 7.02 Gb and I only upload in 130 kb/s. If someone wants me to upload fullsize DvD just ask.....


Apocalypse Now Redux (1979) SWE

Starring: Marlon Brando, Robert Duvall, Martin Sheen, Laurence Fishburne, Dennis Hopper and Harrison Ford.
Category: Action, Adventure, War.....
Audio: 5.1 Dolby
Lenght: 194 minutes

Based on Joseph Conrad's Heart Of Darkness, this is a controversial addition to the multitude of Vietnam war movies in existence. Set in 1969 Vietnam, we follow U.S. Special Forces Captain Willard on his mission up a river into Cambodia to assassinate a renegade Green Beret who has set himself up as a God among a local tribe. 
 
Vietnam, 1969. Burnt out Special Forces officer Captain Willard is sent into the jungle with top-secret orders to find and kill renegade Colonel Kurtz who has set up his own army within the jungle. As Willard descends into the jungle, he is slowly over taken by the jungle's mesmerizing powers and battles the insanity which surrounds him. His boat crew succumbs to drugs and is slowly killed off one by one. As Willard continues his journey he becomes more and more like the man he was sent to kill. Written by Michael Arndt

Captain Willard, whose mission is "Terminate with extreme prejudice", receives orders to seek out a renegade military outpost led by a mysterious Colonel Kurtz during the Vietnam war. Written by John Stacey

It is the height of the war in Vietnam, and U.S. Army Captain Willard is sent by Colonel Lucas and a General to carry out a mission that, officially, 'does not exist - nor will it ever exist'. The mission: To seek out a mysterious Green Beret Colonel, Walter Kurtz, whose army has crossed the border into Cambodia and is conducting hit-and-run missions against the Viet Cong and NVA. The army believes Kurtz has gone completely insane and Willard's job is to eliminate him! Willard, sent up the Nung River on a U.S. Navy patrol boat, discovers that his target is one of the most decorated officers in the U.S. Army. His crew meets up with surfer-type Lt-Colonel Kilgore, head of a U.S Army helicopter cavalry group which eliminates a Viet Cong outpost to provide an entry point into the Nung River. After some hair-raising encounters, in which some of his crew are killed, Willard, Lance and Chef reach Colonel Kurtz's outpost, beyond the Do Lung Bridge. Now, after becoming prisoners of Kurtz, will Willard & the others be able to fulfill their mission? Written by Derek O'Cain 
