The Shield season 6
Episodes 1 - 10

Compilation from different sources
brought togheter fro your enjoyment

Episode 1: ON THE JONES
Description:
As the Barn mourns the loss of Lem, Vic's bloodlust for the killer
puts him on a collisioncourse with Kavanaugh. Shane's increasingly 
unstable and erratic behavior concerns Vic and Ronnie. Claudette 
gets distressing news about the Barn's future before she's even 
settled into her new job as Captain. Dutch and Billings discover 
the gruesome San Marcos mass murder, while Julien and Tina's relationship 
deteriorates.

Episode 2: BAPTISM BY FIRE
Description:
Vic takes drastic actions to track down Lem's killer as Kaveanaugh's 
investigation makes a shocking turn. Claudette is put under intense 
political scrutiny in the wake of the San Marcos murders. Danny 
receives some long-waited good news as tina is offered an unusual 
opportunity.

Episode 3: BACK To ONE
Description:
Vic finally catches up to Lem's suspected killer as Shane's torment 
worsens. Claudette delivers an unexpected blow to Vic concerning 
his future at the Barn. Dutch creates an awkward situation when he 
misinterprets Tina's flirtious behavior. Ronnie hides his concern 
for Vic while working an undercover case with Dutch and Billings.

Episode 4: THE NEW GUY
Description:
Claudette offers Vic a chance to keep his job, but only if he agrees 
to train his replacement, Kevin Hiatt. An unsolved abduction/rape 
case from Dutch and claudette's past comes back to haunt them. 
Aceveda meets am influential buisnessman who could further his 
political aspirations. Dutch has mixed emotions as Tina's star 
rises in the department.

Episode 5: HAUNTS
Description:
In his rush to avenge Lem's murder, Vic discovers he may have killed 
the wrong man. Shane confesses the truth to Mara to save his strained 
relationship. Using unconventional methods, Dutch makes headway in 
the serial rapist case. Claudette and Aceveda go head-tohead when 
his ambition collides with her professionalism.

Episode 6: CHASING GHOSTS
Description:
As Vic's worst fears are realized in learning who really killed Lem, 
Dutch and Claudette meet a witness that incrimidates him. Vic makes 
a last ditch attempt to save his career as Shane's life begins to 
spiral out of control. Cassidy confronts her father after hearing 
about his unethical past.

Episode 7: EXILED
Description:
Shane reaches out to the armenian mob after Vic severs their ties. 
Vic gets deeper into the San Marcos massacre after discovering 
evidence of a larger conspiracy. Dutch and Billings make headway 
of their own when they track down the lone survivor of that slaugther.

Episode 8: THE MAN OF THE WRATH
Description:
Vic learns he's being forceed out of his job despite recent efforts 
to be a team player. Shane crosses a dangerous line when he gets into
bed with Diro, the daughter of an Armenian mob boss. Claudette begins 
to question Hiatt's loyalty and effectivness. Vic finally comes clean
to Ronnie about Terry Crowley's murder.

Episode 9: RECOIL
Description:
Vic and ronnie consider a deadly deal in order to solve the San Marcos murders
and possiblysave Vic's job. Shane and Diro become buisness partners as
she prepares to take controle of the Armenian mob. Dutch and Billings reach
the breaking point when Billings humiliates Dutch in front of his colleagues.
After all seems lost, Vic is handed the leverage to save his career from an unexpected
source. Tina and hiatt see each other in a whole new light.

Episode 10: SPANISH PRACTICES
Description:
Vic and Aceveda form an unlikely alliance to expose a mutual enemy. Hiatt's job is in
Jeopardy after botching an arrest, while Billings drops a bombshell on Claudette and 
the department. The walls close in on Shane when the Armenians put his loyalty
to the ultimat test. 