History of the Engagement
The day is January 4, 1989. The airspace close to the Libyan coast in the Gulf of Sidra. Two VF-32 F-14As from USS John F. Kennedy (CV-67) fly a mission as Combat Air Patrol when a pair of Libyan Mikoyan-Gurevich MiG-23 Floggers were detected. The MiG-23s had taken off from Al Bumbaw Airfield near Tobruk and they continued their flight towards the US fighters, even though the F-14s radar had locked on the bogies. It's a common procedure under such circumstances to lock the powerful APG-9 radar on the incoming Libyan fighters, to give them the possibility to turn around and head back home. Usually this procedure was impressive enough to drive the Libyans back since the radar warning tone resulting from an armed F-14's radar was fearsome enough. But this time it did not work. For the second time US Navy F-14s were engaged by Libyan fighter aircraft under hostile conditions. During the 8 minutes engagement, the MiGs kept turning into the Tomcats to maintain a firing solution for their Soviet built air-to-air missiles (refered to as "jinking"). As later examination of F-14 still photography resolved, the MiG-23s were armed with AA-7 Apex missiles. The F-14s took the MiG-23's head on. They try to take offsets to try to discourage the enemy and to gain position, but with the help of Lybian ground command, they countered each move and forced the Tomcats to take them head on. After the second offset, Alpha Bravo (Kennedy air command) issued "warning yellow, weapons hold", giving the F-14's authority to fire if they felt they were threatened or was in danger. After the sixth offset (jink), at 13 miles, the wingleader knew a fight was inevitable and fired an AIM-7 Sparrow. His wingmen immediately followed him and fired another Sparrow at the same target. The target was downed and the second MiG did a flyby. After pulling more than 5.0 G's, the wingleader centered the bandit. Less than 2 miles away, the Sidewinder was the only weapon effective, but he couldn't get a tone! With his RIO yelling in the background he tried to figure out what's the problem when he finally got a tone; his volume knob was turned down. With a good growl, he pulled the trigger and yelled "Fox 2!" and the AIM-9 flew right in the MiG's exhaust. Both Libyan pilots ejected, however, no attempt was made by their goverment to rescue them in the Gulf of Sidra, and they were left for dead.