House Season 3 Complete.


Season 3, Episode 1: Meaning
Original Air Date: 5 September 2006
Richard, a husband and father living with brain cancer, drives his wheelchair into a pool at a family BBQ. Everyone but his son think that it was suicide from the pain but House will stop at nothing to figure out his true ailment.


Season 3, Episode 2: Cane and Able
Original Air Date: 12 September 2006
Clancy, a 7 year old boy, who believes he is being tortured by aliens comes to the hospital because of rectal bleeding. When House, who thinks he did not solve his last case and it's affecting him physically, finds a metal object in his neck where Clancy claims a chip has been planted and when a cell with different DNA is found, the team has to give his alien theory more credit. But House's humiliation from his last case and worsening leg pain cause him to back out, forcing Cuddy, who lied to House about curing his last patient, to rethink her decision to withhold the information.


Season 3, Episode 3: Informed Consent
Original Air Date: 19 September 2006
Ezra Powell, a renowned pioneer in the field of medical research, collapses in his lab. House is struggling after the ketamine treatment wore off and doesn't want to talk about it. When the team put Ezra through rigorous diagnostic tests and don't come up with anything conclusive Ezra demands the team to help him end his life. Now the team goes through twists and turns of the moral dilemma of ignoring his wishes or to assist in his suicide and abide by Ezra's wishes.


Season 3, Episode 4: Lines in the Sand
Original Air Date: 26 September 2006
A ten-year-old boy begins screaming in pain, but nobody knows why, because he is autistic and cannot explain. House refuses to use his office. Cuddy does not know why, because he is House and will not explain.


Season 3, Episode 5: Fools for Love
Original Air Date: 31 October 2006
A husband and wife being treated cause Foreman to ponder the strength of true love, and House abuses one too many patients with potentially devastating repercussions.


Season 3, Episode 6: Que Sera Sera
Original Air Date: 7 November 2006
A "suicidally" obese man in a coma presents treatment challenges, but finding out what's wrong with him may be the most challenging test of all. Elsewhere, Tritter ramps up his vendetta against House.


Season 3, Episode 7: Son of Coma Guy
Original Air Date: 14 November 2006
When the son of a man in a vegetative state starts going into a coma, the vegetative man is reawakened chemically by House, who hopes to get some clues to the son's problems.

Next US airings:
Tue. June 12 9:00 PM Fox  


Season 3, Episode 8: Whac-A-Mole
Original Air Date: 21 November 2006
A young man collapses at his job, and House makes a game of establishing the diagnosis until things turn critical, and Tritter increases the pressure on Wilson.


Season 3, Episode 9: Finding Judas
Original Air Date: 28 November 2006
While a little girl's life and limbs are in jeopardy, Tritter becomes more manipulative and House suffers withdrawal.


Season 3, Episode 10: Merry Little Christmas
Original Air Date: 12 December 2006
Wilson presents the deal to House and then convinces Cuddy to back him up, meanwhile the team is flummoxed by a patient's condition and various members keep seeking out House for his opinion even though he may not be prepared to assist.


Season 3, Episode 11: Words and Deeds
Original Air Date: 9 January 2007
House checks himself into rehab just before his trial, but a different game entirely may be afoot. Elsewhere, the team attempts to treat a firefighter who can't stop shivering.


Season 3, Episode 12: One Day, One Room
Original Air Date: 30 January 2007
Stuck with clinic duty, House almost wishes he had the boring patients back after he encounters a young woman with an STD and the need to talk.


Season 3, Episode 13: Needle in a Haystack
Original Air Date: 6 February 2007
A young man is stricken during sex with his girlfriend, and House must determine why his organs are suddenly shutting down. Finding the cause is like looking for a needle in a haystack.


Season 3, Episode 14: Insensitive
Original Air Date: 13 February 2007
On Valentine's day House meddles in relationships as he works to diagnose a teenager who has a genetic inability to feel pain.


Season 3, Episode 15: Half-Wit
Original Air Date: 6 March 2007
House struggles to find out why a pianist savant is losing his ability to play. Ultimately, a decision must be made as to how much brain is necessary for a normal quality of life.


Season 3, Episode 16: Top Secret
Original Air Date: 27 March 2007
A patient whose relative has called in a favor with Cuddy presents with nonspecific minor symptoms that turn life-threatening, but House is distracted by a dream and an inability to urinate.


Season 3, Episode 17: Fetal Position
Original Air Date: 3 April 2007
When a pregnant woman has a stroke, the team is at a loss after all tests reveal nothing, but when her organs start shutting down Cuddy takes over the case.


Season 3, Episode 18: Airborne
Original Air Date: April 2007



Season 3, Episode 19: Act Your Age
Original Air Date: 17 April 2007



Season 3, Episode 20: House Training
Original Air Date: 24 April 2007
The cause of a woman's TIA stumps the team, and Foreman's family visits.


Season 3, Episode 21: Family
Original Air Date: 1 May 2007
Wilson is preparing his 14-year-old patient, Nick, for a bone marrow transplant when the donor, Nick's younger brother Matty, suddenly starts sneezing. Since Nick's immune system has been destroyed by the chemotherapy for his cancer, he cannot risk a marrow donation from Matty while Matty is ill. House decides that the fastest way to find out what's wrong with Matty is to make him worse. As the boys get sicker and sicker, House and his team race to cure Matty before both brothers die. Meanwhile, House battles Hector (his newly adopted dog) for supremacy and Foreman can't stop thinking about last week's mistake.


Season 3, Episode 22: Resignation
Original Air Date: 8 May 2007
A 19-year-old college student, Addie, starts coughing up blood during karate class and ends up one of House's cases. Foreman hands in his resignation before treating the woman and refuses to explain why. Although her symptoms show no signs of it, House is convinced that an infection is causing Addie's bleeding. Her lungs start filling with fluid and House's team believes a toxin or cancer is to blame for Addie's illness but are unable to change House's mind. Addie continues to get worse and House wants to do an extremely risky life-or-death treatment in order to confirm his diagnosis; the team starts to ask whether House cares about making a diagnosis more than Addie's own life. Meanwhile, House becomes interested in Honey, a young, attractive nutritionist who brought her boyfriend to the clinic for treatment. He gets her to fill out an employment application (for Foreman's soon-to-be vacated position) and arranges to meet her again in a more casual situation.


Season 3, Episode 23: The Jerk
Original Air Date: 15 May 2007
A teenage chess-player assaults another player and the team struggles to determine whether the problem is organic or psychological.


Season 3, Episode 24: Human Error
Original Air Date: 29 May 2007
