.  . ..: SWEDiSH MOViE PROViDER :.. .  . 

Bringing you the best from the world of movies 


. ..: RELEASE iNFORMATiON :.. .        

Title : Samhain
Genre : Horror                             
iMDb URL : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0318040 
Cinema Date : N/A                                 
DVD Release Date : N/A                                 
Release Date : 21/02/2005                          
Language : English                             
Subtitles : No                                  
Meny : No                                  
Source : Pre-Release DVD                     
Video Format : XviD                                
Video Resolution : 608 x 336                           
Video Bitrate : 1051 kb/s                           
Framerate : 23.976 fps                          
Audio Bitrate : VBR MP3 125 kb/s                    
Rating : Awaiting 5 votes                    
Length : 83 Mins                             
Size : 716mb                               
Packs : 49xrar                               

. ..: CAST / PLOT SUMMARY :.. . 
      
Evil roams the woods of Ireland.

Two American tourists on a romantic camping trip are     
brutally murdered. A few days later, during the ancient  
festival of SAMHAIN, a group of American University     
students moves in a beautiful cottage, surrounded        
by a lush forest and a majestic lake They are here       
to learn about the rituals of the Ancient Druids and    
other Celtic legends. But in the remains of an abandoned 
copper mine, lives the ancestors of an incestuous clan   
of cannibals. Stalked by a hulking, disfigured mutant,   
the students and their chaperone are in for the most    
harrowing time of their young lives. And keeping their 
heads on their necks will become their main concern...  

. ..: RELEASE NOTES :.. .       

This is from Pre-Release DVD and the quality is not  
so good. Its distributors censored version (83mins)  
director's cut is over 90 mins              
                                                      
Anyway Enjoy this release.   

SMP Team

P.S: On the smaple the sound is no synced.. but in the movies it is ;)