Every single episode of Dr. Who from the Tom Baker years.  Some are ripped from DVD's reissued by the BBC, and have additional audio commentary tracks (noted below).

I think it goes without saying that you had better seed this like Johnny Appleseed.  I got sick and tired of waiting for some kind soul to do the dirty work, and decided to take it upon myself for the benefit of the community.  I was also partially inspired by a few massive Doctor Who collections that I've seen floating around the 'net (6th & 7th doctor completes).  To the individual(s) responsible for this generosity, THANK YOU.

If I may impose on any of you good Whovians, I am despirately trying to complete my Peter Davidson (5th doctor) collection, and would really, truly appreciate it if someone could upload Season 20 (Episodes 124:Arc of Infinity - 130:The Five Doctors).

Finally, please do the following:
1. BE PATIENT.  This is going to take half your lifetime to download.  I do not have the luxury of a T1, and live in a country that hasn't rolled out fiber door-to-door.  If you just want a particular episode, most modern bittorrent programs will let you specify what you'd like to download (uTorrent, Azureus, etc.)

2. SEED.  Seed, seed, seed.  This cannot be said enough.  Seed.  You think I like having my upstream completely flooded for the next month?  Hell no.  But I'm doing it, because it needs to be done.  With the resurgance in popularity of the Doctor Who series, it is simply CRIMINAL that the net isn't flooded with 4th doctor episodes.

3. ENJOY.  Like I needed to tell you that.
---
SEASON 12-18 (4th Doctor)

Episode List (parts):
---
Robot (4)
The Ark in Space (4)
The Sontaran Experiment (2)
Genesis of the Daleks (6)
Revenge of the Cybermen (4)
Terror of the Zygons (4)
Planet of Evil (4)
Pyramids of Mars (4)
The Android Invasion (4)
The Brain of Morbius (4)
The Seeds of Doom (6)
The Masque of Mandragora (4)
The Hand of Fear (4)
The Deadly Assassin (4)
The Face of Evil (4)
The Robots of Death (4) (+ Director's Commentary)
The Talons of Weng-Chiang (6)
Horror of Fang Rock (4)
The Invisible Enemy (4)
Image of the Fendahl (4)
The Sun Makers (4)
Underworld (4)
The Invasion of Time (6)
The Ribos Operation (4)
The Pirate Planet (4)
The Stones of Blood (4) (+ Director's Commentary)
The Androids of Tara (4) (+ Director's Commentary)
The Power of Kroll (4)
The Armageddon Factor (6) (+ Director's Commentary)
Destiny of the Daleks (4)
City of Death (4)
The Creature From the Pit (4)
Nightmare of Eden (4)
Horns of Nimon (4)
Shada (6) (Reconstruction with existing footage + Tom Baker narration)
The Leisure Hive (4)
Meglos (4)
Full Circle (4)
State of Decay (4)
Warriors' Gate (4)
The Keeper of Traken (4)
Logopolis (4)