The third book in the Odd Thomas Series. (Odd Thomas, Forever Odd, Brother Odd.)

The plot takes place seven months after Forever Odd. After the events of the previous novels, Odd Thomas has come to St. Bartholomew\\\'s Abbey to seek peace and understanding. After living there as a guest for seven months, Odd sees a shade-like bodach, signifying that a great disaster is about to strike the abbey. One of the monks goes missing soon after, and Odd is attacked by a mysterious assailant. As he searches for the missing person, Odd hears a mysterious noise in a great snowstorm, and later sees an incredibly intricate, shifting pattern of bones against a window.

While looking for a body among the disabled children at the school, Odd hears from an autistic man named Jacob about something called the \\\"Neverwas\\\". He must then go into a bell tower to complete his main job around the abbey, namely, silencing a poltergeist that rings bells. While in the tower, he sees an apparition that resembles the traditional image of Death. By now the bodachs have multiplied, and Odd plans, with the help of Sister Angela, the Mother Superior, to bring the monks to the school to protect the children. He is suddenly drawn by a psychic premonition, and discovers the missing monk dead in a cooling tower, acting as a cocoon for another creature made of shifting bones.

Rodion Romanovich, the abbey\\\'s other guest, meets Odd in the garage to drive two SUVs and pick up the monks. Sixteen of the brothers have been prepared to fight whoever may cause the tragedy. Odd is suspicious of Romanovich and plans to leave him in the abbey, although he takes one SUV full of monks before Odd can stop him. On the way there, Romanovich\\\'s SUV is turned over by a bone-creature, and Brother Knuckles, Odd\\\'s confidant, runs into him with the other plow. Back at the school, Odd and Romanovich are able to determine that Jacob\\\'s father, the Neverwas, is John Heineman, a monk at the abbey known as Brother John and a former physicist who experimented with reality.

Odd and Romanovich, actually an NSA agent sent to spy on Brother John, go back out into the storm to find John\\\'s research lab. When they find him, Brother John reveals that he has created a computer model of the innermost fabric of reality. He believes that reality is created by thought, and has proved it by tuning the room to his thoughts. If he thinks something, it will be, and in that way, he created the bone-monsters and the Death apparition. Odd and Romanovich attempt to convince Brother John otherwise, but instead, he sets his Death spirit on them. As the monks defend the school from the bone-monsters, Romanovich is able to shoot John twice, killing him and all his creations.

Later, Odd decides to leave the abbey, but as he rides down the highway back to his hometown, psychic magnetism pulls him out of the car, where the book ends as he walks down the highway toward the unknown. Where he finally convinces Elvis to go to the next world. At which point Frank Sinatra joins him.