From Yaleherald.com:


The first few bars of "Berlitz," the opening tune on Chicago band Seam's third LP, Are You Driving Me Crazy?, serve as an appropriate introduction to the uninitiated listener. First, the tasteful clanging of a few repetitive drum rolls, next, an added chime of trebly guitars, and then the melodic hum of pulsing bass guitar. By the time frontman Sooyoung Park drops his trademark whispered vocals, it is apparent that Seam's mission is to weave together textures and songcraft into delicate emotional balances. 

The results are astonishing. In addition to Park's focused writing and the band's tightness and proficiency, producer Brad Wood (Liz Phair) plays a vital role in giving these songs the impact they possess. It seems that Wood realizes that perhaps the band's most remarkable quality is its sense of musical restraint. Wood's production is equally restrained, allowing for a very natural sound to shine through. The album features some of the most compellingly natural drum sounds and guitar tones to make it onto a rock album in a while. 

And the band is exceedingly patient: rather than stomp on the overdrive after a verse, they are willing to let a song build organically and seemingly of its own volition. The guys know exactly how long to keep a groove going before moving on. The songs are structured enough to avoid the excesses of prog-rock meanderings, but loose and developed enough to transcend the conventions and constrictions of verse-chorus-verse pop formats. In other words, Seam can convincingly deliver a beginning, middle, climax, and resolution within four minutes. And they make it sound effortless. 

Everything about the album is just extremely tasteful. The guitar solos on songs like "Port of Charleston," are able to sound fresh and interesting, and never lapse into technical indulgences. They are perfect segues into Park's tired declarations: "I'm sick of taking it you know,/but I can't walk away.../I'm tired of making it work." 

Most of these songs deal with the difficulties of unbalanced relationships. In the ethereal "Rainy Season," amid sparse, dry electric guitar strummings and an achingly beautiful violin part, Park intones, "I wanted you to show some feeling,/I needed you to twist my arm." These ambiguities of emotion tend to let loose into more pointed and assured statements as the music gets more aggressive. Among the album's rockers, "Two is Enough" is definitely the strongest. It is an astonishing study in liquid guitar lines, rhythmic toying, and energetic bursts of noise. The song builds to Park's litany of complaints before settling on his mantra of "I blame it on you." And then the song coasts off into a minute or two of joyous, melodic, and full-out rock. 

Are You Driving Me Crazy? takes just enough risk and holds just enough restraint to convey the same balances that can make or break human relationships. Emotional angst hasn't sounded this musically assured in a long time. 


I-Huei Go 


Tracks:

1  Berlitz      
2  Hey Latasha    
3  Port of Charleston  
4  Rainy Season  
5  Two is Enough   
6  Haole Redux    
7  Tuff Luck  
8  Broken Bones  
9  Sometimes I Forget
10  Petty Thievery 
