Five Manifestos Included in This Pack...:

1. Just 1%: The Power of Microtrends


Mark Penn and E. Kinney Zalesne | Just 1% of people can create a new market for business, spark a social movement, or effect a political change. Here, Penn (one of the worldâ??s most highly regarded pollster) and Zalesne (social-change expert) introduce you to this compelling idea of microtrends, and their assertion that the culture is formed by the push and pull of small trends that are often invisible or ignored. Just think â??Soccer Momâ??â?¦and youâ??ll know the power wielded by these small, but strong groups.

About the author:
Mark Penn was dubbed â??the most powerful man in Washington youâ??ve never heard ofâ?? by "The Washington Post." Penn is the worldwide CEO of Burson-Marsteller. he was pollster to President Clinton in his 1996 re-election campaign, and has been an adviser to Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton, Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates, numerous corporations, and 25 foreign heads of state. E. Kinney Zalesne has served as a White House Fellow, Counsel to U.S. Attorney General Janet Reno, and Executive Vice President and President of two national social-change organizations.

2. The Turnover Dilemma: A Question to Keep Employees

Matthew Kelly In this manifesto, Matthew Kelly warns of the high price of turnover. Sure, we all know that losing employees costs money, but lost opportunity is often an incalculable cost. Many pundits and business owners blame employees, thinking they are uncommitted. But, Kelly argues, people leave their jobs because there is a disconnect between the work that they are doing and the dreams for their future. And it is up to managers to help reconnect their employees to their dreams.

About the author:
Matthew Kelly is an internationally acclaimed speaker and New York Times bestselling author. His latest book, The Dream Manager deals specifically with the issues of employee engagement and turnover. Kelly is also the president of Floyd Consulting, a Chicago-based consulting firm founded on the belief that a company can only become the-best-version-of-itself to the extent that the people who drive that company a becoming better-versions-of-themselves. Kellyâ??s passion is helping people and organizations identify and pursue their dreams.

3. The Creation of Conscious Culture through Educational Innovation



Michael Strong Michael Strong has a vision of schools which will promote authentic learning for our youth. He has a vision of creating institutions that model positive behavior. He believes that our society doesnâ??t provide this guidance early enough to help form the futures of children who are starved for meaning and inspiration. In this expansive manifesto, he calls for a diverse educational market in terms that any business person will appreciate.

About the author:
Michael Strong is the co-creator of several new schools, including The Atheneum School of Anchorage, Montessori Middle School programs for The Early Learning Institute of Palo Alto, and Moreno Valley High School, Angel Fire, New Mexico. He is the author of "The Habit of Thought" and is CEO of FLOW.

4. Social Media and Social Outcasts

Dave Platter Here, Dave Platter warns of the dangers of the constant connectivity that social media demands. He presents a subtle argument that whatever self-image we create for ourselves as a result of our web popularity is ephemeral. He encourages us to not rely too heavily on how many emails we receive to determine our self-worth. Instead, to disconnect is to remind ourselves that we are present, human, of the physical world. It is a lesson worth remembering.

5. The Secrets of Market-Driven Leaders: A Pragmatic Approach

Craig Stull, Phil Myers, David Meerman Scott Why does one product succeed while others crash? And why do the second and third products from a successful company almost always fail? The crew at Pragmatic Marketing determined that there are more reasons than features and price when determining the success (or failure) of a product, including â??inside-out thinkingâ?? and the distractions of running a successful company. Here, they present 7 Secrets to dramatically increase the likelihood of becoming a market-driven success.

About the author:
Craig W. Stull is CEO of Pragmatic Marketing, Inc., an INC 500 company which he founded in 1993 to provide product marketing training and consulting to firms by focusing on strategic, market-driven techniques. Phil Myers , President of Pragmatic Marketing, Inc., has been a CEO or senior management leader at three start-ups that went public; launched seven products to market that became category leaders; and served as a line of business leader for two of the worldâ??s top 10 technology companies. David Meerman Scott is the author of The New Rules of Marketing & PR. He has presented at hundreds of industry conferences and events in over twenty countries on four continents.



-LEGAL TORRENTS

Purpose:

create a balance, share the already free stuff,
public domain works, freeware, free music,
free ebooks, articles, manifestos, movie trailers, and more.

show the copyright owners that torrent
websites shouldn't bear the responsibility
of what their users upload, torrent websites
are very much similar to google..

users upload what they want to upload,
download what they want to download,
and search for what they want to search..

by creating this balance and sharing the already free
stuff, we hope to take the pressure of torrent websites..

