
 High Quality  Doctor Zhivago (1965) Release
---------------------------------------------

 DVD14 = DVD9 + DVD5

 To see more info of DVD Quality:  http://www.zonadvd.com/modules.php?name=Reviews&rop=showcontent&id=555


 Image:  PAL

 Language:  DD5.1 English, Spanish . 
            DD2.0 English directors coments
            DD5.1 Only BSO (Music)

 Subtitles: English, Spanish, Portuguese, Hebrew, Polish, Greek, Chezq, Turkish, Hungarian, Croatian.


  DIRECTOR: David Lean

INTÉRPRETES:

Omar Sharif   ...    Dr. Yuri Zhivago
Julie Christie   ...    Lara Antipova
Geraldine Chaplin   ...    Tonya Gromeko
Rod Steiger   ...    Viktor Komarovsky
Alec Guinness   ...    Gen. Yevgraf Zhivago
Tom Courtenay   ...    Pasha
Siobhan McKenna   ...    Anna
Ralph Richardson   ...    Alexander Gromeko
Rita Tushingham   ...    The Girl
Jeffrey Rockland   ...    Sasha
Tarek Sharif   ...    Yuri at 8
Bernard Kay   ...    The Bolshevik
Klaus Kinski   ...    Kostoyed
Gérard Tichy   ...    Liberius (as Gerard Tichy)
Noel Willman   ...    Razin


PLOT:

Lara inspires lechery in Komarovsky (her mother's lover who is a master at surviving whoever runs Russia) and can't compete with passion for the revolution of the man she marries, Pasha. Her true love is Zhivago who also loves his wife. Lara is the one who inspires poetry. The story is narrated by Zhivago's half brother Yevgraf, who has made his career in the Soviet Army. At the beginning of the film he is about to meet a young woman he believes may be the long lost daughter of Lara and Zhivago.  Written by Dale O'Connor 

Set just before and in the years following the Bolshevik Revolution in Russia, the filme follows the life of Zhivago as he marries, raises a family, has his life totally disrupted by first World War One, and then by the Revolution. Shown against the Epic of a world turned on its head, his life and freedom are torn from him as the new society makes demands. Written by John Vogel 

A Russian epic, the movie traces the life of surgeon-poet Yury Zhivago before and during the Russian Revolution. Married to an upper-class girl who is devoted to him, yet in love with an unfortunate woman who becomes his muse, Zhivago is torn between fidelity and passion. Sympathetic with the revolution but shaken by the wars and purges, he struggles to retain his individualism as a humanist amid the spirit of collectivism. Written by 










