a reseed as an ISO.  Runs fine on Win 98 and XP


Darkstone is still a fine game, if a little dated now graphically due to lower definition. 
This game has that quality of "playability".  If you do like it, you'll play it to death! :-)
Released late '98 - DX6.1 and the first to ever have a Quest Editor. 

Features full 3D in a colourful environment with variable zoom/angle and three hot-keyed viewpoints.  Eight hot-keys for weapons or spells. Control by Mouse + direction arrow keys.  Has a feature to quick exit dungeons and speed travel (Magic Door)
Save anywhere in-game.  Large selection of spells, skills, weapons and armour.  
Selectable difficulty levels for new games with a skilled character - characters are saved separately and gain experience etc over multiple replays. 
Play solo OR with an AI partner.  Play on LAN/net.
The main quest is replayable as it consists of 7 dungeon/overland stages which are randomly selected from a bank of 21 original sub-quests each new Game.  Also, all the layouts of dungeons and lands randomly change each time you start an entirely new game.  

Lands and dungeon areas themselves are flat, like Holland - no actual walking up slopes or stairs.  :-p 
Included in this original disk is a company-made alternative plot-line called "Journey in UMA" which was itself made as a demonstration of their new Quest Editor 

In addition, there are many downloadable fan-made custom quests - basically a whole new game, though same character and all feature the same final dungeon plot for the slay-the-dragon scene.  Several notable quests were made by enthusiasts - I've enjoyed them all and at least two of them far surpass the original game.
btw - I just learned from the site that a new quest has only just been made :-0 
I must try it....  :-D

A Darkstone community exists (in English) at the German site http://forum.withingames.net/index.php for custom quests, game help etc. 
 
How a company with a game this good - for it's time - went bust is surprising. 

cautionary mention - 

CAN be cranky with SOME Nvidia GFX cards   :-|   
- if so, most do work after a bit of fiddling - check the link for details (somewhere)		

