aul Butterfield & Rick Danko
Masonic Temple
801 E. Pine, Capitol Hill, Seattle, WA, USA

29th. October 1979

Stereo Audience Recording

Lineage:
Recording
Sony 152SD w/Sony ECM 270's, 25m from stage. > Maxell UDC90 Master Cassette, (MAC)

Transfer:
MAC > Nakamichi Dragon > Phillips CDR785 CD-Writer

Set List:
01. I Love You Too Much (Bob Dylan) $
02. Stage Fright (Robbie Robertson) # 
03. Crazy Mama (JJ Cale)
04. Samolina (Blondie Chaplin)
05. Unfaithful Servant # (J.R. Robertson)
06. Good Feeling (Instr.) (Chuck Berry)
07. Java Blues (Rick Danko) #
08. Sail On Sailor(Blondie Chaplin?)/ %
09. /Born In Chicago $ (Nick Gravenites)
10. I Love You
11. Sick & Tired (Kenner/Andersen/Danko)
12. Mystery Train $ (Junior Parker/Sam Philips)

Musicians:
Paul Butterfield - harmonica, vocals $
Rick Danko - bass, vocals #
Blondie Chaplin - guitar, vocals %
Rick Belke - guitar
Tom Stevenson - piano
Ron McRory - drums

TaperPat's Notes:
The mics were positioned on the frontrow balcony railing, a third of the way back from the left-hand side facing the Stage.

Artwork:
300dpi JPEG Gate-fold Front and Inlay, Ticket, Advert & TaperPat's original notes

Notes:
Paul had reached a plateau around the time of Better Days, he didn't relish going on the road and his drive to expand seemed to dissolve. After the Last Waltz, he survived on his reputation as a legend, as opposed to an active force in  the genre of popular music. The Danko/Butterfield Band was more a couple of former stars taking care of business rather than creating art. 

Despite Butterfield's chronic health issues, he is almost always 'on', even when high;  Danko doesn't fair as well. 
In listening to many of their shows, either Danko can't handle his booze as well as Paul or Paul wasn't drinking before shows; Danko sounds intoxicated for this show. Butterfield,  Danko and Manual were affectionately referred to as the 'chemical trio' for their incessant indulgences. 

Rumour of a spat between Paul and Rick was disclosed by a promoter in 1980. Whilst this may have been fanciful, it was characteristic of Paul. A show was cancelled at the last minute; supposedly Danko didn't want to do Butter's blues tunes anymore and tried to squeeze him out.  Butterfield said okay and just didn't show up for the gig that night; everyone was so angry that Danko had to retract his position. A smart move on Paul's part - he knew his worth and proved it.

An interview with Danko reveals that Dylan wrote "I Love You Too Much", specifically for them.



