ARTIST: Lindsay Lohan
TITLE: A Little More Personal (Raw)
LABEL: Casablanca
GENRE: Pop
BITRATE: 214kbps avg
PLAYTIME: 0h 43min total
RELEASE DATE: 2005-12-06
RIP DATE: 2005-11-23

Track List
----------
01. Confessions Of A Broken Heart   3:40
    (Daughter To Father)
02. Black Hole                      4:02
03. I Live For The Day              3:10
04. I Want You To Want Me           3:09
05. My Innocence                    4:18
06. A Little More Personal          2:59
07. If It's Alright                 4:06
08. If You Were Me                  2:54
09. Fastlane                        3:24
10. Edge Of Seventeen               4:23
11. Who Loves You                   3:50
12. A Beautiful Life (La Bella      3:25
    Vita)

Release Notes:

Lindsay Lohan is delivering on her promise to get A Little More Personal on her
sophomore album, taking to task all the men who've done her wrong, starting
with dear old dad.

Lindsay pulls no punches on the album, subtitled Raw, when she gets to the
topic of Michael Lohan, currently serving a four-year prison term for multiple
crimes, including driving while intoxicated and assault. He's already the focus
of the first single, "Confessions of a Broken Heart (Daughter to Father)," in
which she questions if he ever loved her, but she also berates him in "My
Innocence" for allegedly stealing her childhood away. "You broke me in with
your mistakes," she sings. "Thanks for the breakthrough." Still, she vows to be
resilient and says she's more independent because he wasn't there to look after
her.

Next on Lindsay's list are lost loves - those who sent her mixed messages ("A
Little More Personal") or cast her aside for another woman too carelessly ("If
You Were Me"). She mourns one in "Black Hole," getting paper cuts re-reading
old love letters, realizes another was a bad fit two years too late in "If
It's Alright," but saves her venom for the one she wishes were as "desperate
and dying inside" as the way he made her feel in "I Live for the Day": "I live
for the tears to fall down your face."

Lindsay is more dimensional than just a woman scorned, though - she's also
questioning her life as a star, which might be "A Beautiful Life" but that
doesn't stop her from feeling worn out. She prays to God because sometimes she
just doesn't know who else would listen, or if she dares let them: "I talk in
my sleep/ That's the one place I know no one can hear me." And she realizes
the incongruity of wishing people would care when she doesn't let them in the
first place. On "Fast Lane" she sings, "So I drive around this superficial
town/ With a smile on my face/ No one really knows how I feel inside/ And I'm
keeping it that way."

Lindsay's sound also gets more Raw - she's teamed up with former Evanescence
guitarist Ben Moody and Marvelous 3's Butch Walker as her producers to bring
out her inner rock chick. Moody helps her cover Stevie Nicks' "Edge of
Seventeen" while Walker assists on her take on Cheap Trick's "I Want You to
Want Me."

A Little More Personal (Raw) is due December 6.