ARTIST: Tiger Army
TITLE: Music From Regions Beyond
LABEL: Hellcat Records
GENRE: Punk
BITRATE: 242kbps avg
PLAYTIME: 0h 36m total
RELEASE DATE: 2007-06-05
RIP DATE: 2007-05-08

Track List
----------
1.  Prelude: Signal Return           1:06
2.  Hotprowl                         2:32
3.  Afterworld                       3:15
4.  Forever Fades Away               4:51
5.  Ghosts Of Memory                 3:22
6.  Lunatone                         3:02
7.  Pain                             3:37
8.  As The Cold Rain Falls           4:08
9.  Hechizo De Amor                  4:12
10. Spring Forward                   3:07
11. Where The Moss Slowly Grows      3:36

Release Notes:

For the devoted who tattoo the lyrics and "TigerBat" logo on their bodies, Tiger
Army is more than a band - it's a way of life. Nick 13's music channels the
frustration, loneliness, despair and triumph of sheer will of a lost generation,
buzzing with power and dark romance. The loyalty of the band's following is
evident on their MySpace page and website, where hundreds of photos of Tiger
Army related tattoos can be found.

Music From Regions Beyond, hailed by Alternative Press as one of this year's
"Most Anticipated Albums," is the definitive work by Tiger Army.

It is a thrillingly diverse record, running the gamut from the break-neck yet
melodic "Afterworld" (which generated over 13,000 spins its first day on
MySpace) and the soaring modern rock anthem "Forever Fades Away," to the dark
wave pop of "As the Cold Rain Falls" (which has elicited early comparisons to
New Order) and the country-leaning balladry of "Where the Moss Slowly Grows."

It is also the first Tiger Army album that was not self-produced. A-list
producer Jerry Finn (AFI, Morrissey, Rancid) partnered his experience and
expertise with Nick 13's passion and self-motivation, resulting in an album that
will be remembered as this year's best. The two became acquainted during the
sessions for AFI's Decemberunderground (which features multiple backup vocal
contributions from Nick 13), and discovered that they shared similar recording
philosophies, including a love of analog tape and vintage gear.

The worldwide psychobilly scene owes an enormous debt to the So Cal trio, whose
four albums and relentless touring have infused the genre (a blend of punk and
rockabilly with dark elements) with the interest of countless new listeners.
Music From Regions Beyond pushes psychobilly forward musically and otherwise by
breaking its "rules," the way Joy Division, The Smiths or The Cure forged a new
post-punk. Tiger Army embraces its psychobilly roots but transcends the genre
with nuanced introspection and a staunch stance against novelty. They follow the
example laid down by The Beatles who always maintained a connection to their
first musical love, the rockabilly of artists like Buddy Holly and Carl Perkins,
even while expanding and redefining it - in some cases beyond recognition.

The three years between Music From Regions Beyond and III: Ghost Tigers Rise
have seen Tiger Army transform into an international phenomenon. After a lengthy
run as direct support for Social Distortion, Tiger Army's own "Dark Romance"
tour ended with a five-night stand at the House of Blues in Hollywood, followed
a few months later by four nights back-to-back at the House Of Blues in Anaheim,
California. All nine shows sold-out before doors opened.

A handful of shows with Morrissey in the US and UK came next. After that, Tiger
Army went out as direct support for their longtime friends in AFI, wrapping up
in front of a capacity crowd at the legendary Long Beach Arena, recently
documented on the platinum selling band's new DVD I Heard A Voice (which
includes a guest appearance from Nick 13, who performs on the song "A Single
Second.")

Tiger Army played their first show in 1996 at the Bay Area's legendary punk
collective, 924 Gilman Street, known as the venue where everyone from Green Day
to Rancid got their start. The gig saw them opening for AFI, who lent Nick 13
their drummer, Adam Carson.

Rancid's Tim Armstrong took notice of Nick 13's songs via a series of demos,
later collected as The Early Years EP, and signed Tiger Army to his Hellcat
Records imprint strictly on the strength of Nick's songs and vision knowing full
well he had yet to secure a steady lineup.

The first Tiger Army album followed in late 1999. The fledgling psychobilly
scene in North America took flight shortly thereafter. Songs like "Nocturnal"
and "True Romance" presaged the dark palette that would paint much of
underground music in general in the years to come.

Nick 13 relocated to Los Angeles the following year, where Tiger Army would
build it's first true lineup, and embarked upon eighteen months of touring in
support of II: Power of Moonlite, including trips to Europe and Japan and
sharing stages with Dropkick Murphys, Reverend Horton Head and The Damned. With
ex-AFI bass player Geoff Kresge on standup and Fred Hell on drums, Tiger Army
began to rehearse Nick's new songs for their third album. Tragically, Hell was
shot four times in a botched home invasion in 2003, derailing those plans for
some time.

Longtime friend and drum tech Mike Fasano stepped in behind the kit for the
recording of III: Ghost Tigers Rise and subsequent touring, as lingering health
issues prevented Hell's return to the band. Two sold-out record release shows at
the House Of Blues on the Sunset Strip marked the June, 2004 arrival of the
album as the band took off for a month on the main stage of the Warped Tour.

After Warped, Jeff Roffredo (the former bass player for seminal West Coast
psychos Cosmic Voodoo who had nearly joined Tiger Army before the first album)
came into Tiger Army following Kresge's amicable departure, along with drummer
James Meza.

The latest version of Tiger Army underwent a trial by fire on the road for 46
shows with Social Distortion and came through with flying colors. The
afore-mentioned Dark Romance Tour came later after which the band took some time
off to prepare Music From Regions Beyond, pausing briefly for the gigs with
Morrissey and AFI as well as a headlining performance at Orange County's annual
"Hootenanny" festival and a trip to the legendary Red Rocks Amphitheatre in
Denver to support Social Distortion, among other shows.

Tiger Army remains Nick 13's vision and mission, with the new material
representing his most fully realized songwriting yet. Music From Regions Beyond
includes guest vocal appearances from AFI's Davey Havok, longtime Morrissey
collaborator Alain Whyte, Bleeding Through's Brandan Schieppati, ex-bass player
Geoff Kresge and other Tiger Army comrades.

At a time when much of contemporary rock music has been reduced to meaningless
theater performed by false pretenders, Tiger Army's Music From Regions Beyond is
an antidote, bracing in its authenticity. Hear it, and hear the sound of
artistic legitimacy reclaiming rock music - Tiger Army Never Die!

