http://www.moonskaeurope.com/mixtwitch.html

Artist:
Mixtwitch

Album:
Smile For The Money Shot

Music label:
Moon Ska Europe

Genre:
Ska Punk Rock

Bit rate:
192kbit

Audio file:
MP3

Okay, I fucking love this band, their sound and style is great IMO. I bought this album like around 2 years ago at HMV record store, not knowing much about them, but hearing the song on TV (theme-tune for P-rock TV channel on sky UK - which no longer exists :/) I had to buy the album and discover more!

The chances are you prob havn't heard of them, so here are a few songs of theirs to listen too, taken from their official site, this way you can know if you like their style before you download the full album torrent.

Gifted (p-rock theme tune)
http://www.iol.ie/~mixtwitch/gifted.mp3

Stand In
http://www.iol.ie/~mixtwitch/stand_in.mp3

Track List
01.) Let them wait
02.) Thomas
03.) Johnny
04.) Ah, the one that got away eh son?
05.) Opposites Attack
06.) Gifted
07.) Life by Misadventure
08.) Stand in
09.) The nappy song
10.) Always Wrong
11.) Down in Front
12.) Harpy
13.) Vodka & Smoke
14.) Continue the Research

Bit about them
Mixtwitch are a Dublin based ska-punk band. They formed in February 1997 and set about learning their trade through non-stop performances on the Irish circuit. In September 1999, they released their debut single "Successful Everyday Living" on Dublin independent label Treasure Island Records. This received positive reviews from both mainstream press and underground fanzines alike. This sold relatively well for an Irish punk band and established Mixtwitch on a serious footing within the Irish music scene. It was also A-listed by Phantom FM, Dublin’s premier alternative music station and played occasionally on commercial radio stations.


In 2001 alone Mixtwitch played over 50 gigs in 5 different countries. At home they played a number of all ages shows around the country and supported some of their favourite bands such as Reel Big Fish, Capdown, Frenzal Rhomb and the Mad Caddies. They did a short tour of England with Turtlehead and returned to play in Scotland with them and Consumed. They also ventured to the East Coast of America to play in August, ending the year on the aforementioned Moon Ska tour of England and Germany.

In September 2002, after a successful UK tour with New York trad-ska band The Slackers, Mixtwitch released their 2nd album "Smile for the Money Shot", this time throughout Europe on Moon Ska Records. The band then embarked on a mammoth 36-date tour of the UK with 4 ft. Fingers, Whitmore and Gash. This "Golfin’ on the Moon" tour raised the band’s profile in Britain significantly. Again the album reviews from Ireland, the UK, Europe and America have been extremely positive. The album received the endorsement of the likes of Hot Press, Kerrang!and Maximum Rock ‘n’ Roll. Radio in Ireland has also been supportive with the album being recommended by 2 FM and the track "Gifted" making Phantom FM’s A-list and top 10. In the UK, BBC and Total Rock Radio have also given Mixtwitch airplay.

With the launch of P-Rock TV in November 2002, Mixtwitch reached a massive ever-growing new audience as the intro to live favourite "Gifted" was used as the theme song to the channel’s chart show. In early 2003 Mixtwitch continued playing high profile shows in Ireland with Good Charlotte, Finch and Steve-O of MTV Jackass fame. In March 2003 Mixtwitch made a video for album closer "Continue the Research" which was aired on P-Rock just in time for the hugely successful sold-out 29-date "Over the Moon" U.K. tour with Whitmore, Sola Beat Alliance and Graveltrap, which ran until May 2003.

