James Linton got online at a forum called NOLAJBS and joined a shit fight during which he threatened he could have people tracked down by his next door neighbor "Gary" who is a member of the Australian Federal Police - "Lifestyle/Income Division".

I reported him to the Australian Federal Police and they sent a letter claiming they had begun an investigation.

From there I pretty much forgot about Linton and his best mate Jim Kerr till I got back to Perth and Linton contacted me via my You Tube account. He wanted to team up and use my video editing skills to good effect with research he was doing on Jewish Zionism. I agreed. I wanted to check him out.

I arrived at his house unannounced. He was white as a sheet and clearly high. When I asked him if he had been "on it" he said "yes" and that he had injected Meth. He rolled a joint and spilled the beans on his life including his 2 previous drug convictions for supplying LSD and pot - the fact that he grew pot with a mate because he could not have it at home and risk jail with another conviction - the fact that his mate was a "cook" of high quality Meth - the fact that he admitted to 2 years of "solvent sniffing" in which he stated it was like a 'shaman experience' :-D Truly, the guy is a freak - the fact that he loves to link to homosexual pornography and the fact that he is single and lives with a guy who is, shall we say, "gay looking" I will leave the rest to your imagination.

I realised this guy was trouble and in conjunction with a friend showing me some of his explicit and sick postings online I decided to drop him like a hot potato. 4 weeks after not contacting him he sent me an abusive e-mail. from their I decided to out him for the fraud he was.

This guy links to some of the tamest and least provoking of the so called "anti-Zionist" web sites. He links to Mark Glenn of "Crescent & Cross" who also works the "American Free Press" which is a known hang out of Zionist homosexuals and perverts supplied with cash from "Southern Poverty Law". 

Lintons blog is called "Crimes Of Zion" and despite being a fairly tame and a fairly lame piece of writing, finds itself at the top of Mark Glenns links list.

James Linton lives in the heart of the Jewish community of Perth, Western Australia. He is 500m from the Liberal synagouge and 1200m from the Orthodox synagouge.

He e-mailed and taunted me online and in a phone call that I was to "piss weak" to take him on physically. So...I did. And this is the result. A small video and lead up to my confrontation with Mr Jimmy Linton of Perth, West Oz.

BTW...Jimmy, when I arrived in person was not so keen to take me on.

Funny that eh Jimmy?