Star Trek: The Wrath of Khan (1982)

Director:
Nicholas Meyer
Writers:
Gene Roddenberry (television series Star Trek)
Harve Bennett (story) 

Genre:
Action / Adventure / Sci-Fi / Thriller

Plot Outline: In the second Star Trek movie, Admiral Kirk is now a Starfleet Academy instructor, while Captain Spock serves as a cadet training officer, while being in command of the U.S.S. Enterprise. Meanwhile, scientists aboard Space Station Regula I are conducting the Project Genesis experiment, and the U.S.S. Reliant is assigned to the Genesis project. While surveying a lifeless planet in the Ceti Alpha star system, Cmdr. Chekov and Capt. Clark Terrell beam down to the sixth planet, and find a shocking discovery, in which cargo containers are located. Unknown to the Reliant crew was that the cargo containers housed refugees from the Eugenics Wars of 1990s Earth, with Khan Noonian Singh in charge. Khan later revealed that Ceti Alpha VI exploded, and shifted the orbit of the fifth planet as a Mars-like haven. Khan manages to hijack the Reliant, and manages to steal the Genesis Device. Admiral Kirk takes the U.S.S. Enterprise on a training mission, and is involved in a surprise attack, in which Khan vows to avenge his exile. Unfortunately, Captain Spock sacrifices himself to save the Enterprise from the premeditated arming of the Genesis torpedo, and after his death, his casket (which is a converted torpedo tube) was fired from the U.S.S. Enterprise...

CAST


	William Shatner	... 	Admiral James T. Kirk

	Leonard Nimoy	... 	Captain Spock

	DeForest Kelley	... 	Dr. Leonard "Bones" McCoy

	James Doohan	... 	Cmdr. Montgomery "Scotty" Scott
	Walter Koenig	... 	Pavel Chekov

	George Takei	... 	Hikaru Sulu

	Nichelle Nichols	... 	Cmdr. Uhura
	Bibi Besch	... 	Dr. Carol Marcus
	Merritt Butrick	... 	Dr. David Marcus
	Paul Winfield	... 	Capt. Clark Terrell

	Kirstie Alley	... 	Lt. Saavik

	Ricardo Montalban	... 	Khan Noonien Singh

	Ike Eisenmann	... 	Midshipman Peter Preston

	John Vargas	... 	Jedda
	John Winston	... 	Cmdr. Kyle