Daniel Sheehan - The Eighth Paradigm World View (from the 13th Annual International UFO Congress Convention & Film Festival)

** This video is from the International UFO Congress store: http://www.ufocongressstore.com/ **

Duration: 1:30:30
Bit rate: 40kbps
Dimensions: 320 x 240 Xvid
Size: 325mb

Daniel Sheehan, the former chief legal counsel to the United States Jesuit Headquarters in Washington D.C. will be in attendance for the entire week of the 2004 UFO Congress Convention. 

During our closing session, Dan will sum up what we have learned together over the past week, and he will provide his advice as to the direction in which our movement should direct our efforts in the period between now and the year 2012 . . . in light of data received by our human family, from the prophets and from credible members of our UFO movement over the years. 

In closing, Dan will articulate for us what his opinion is as to what the unique mode of spiritual expression is likely to be for the new eighth paradigm (post contact) worldview which is on our immediate horizon. 

Dan also brings forth some very thought provoking, and controversial ideas, to say the least. Is our country's current regime leading us in the wrong direction? Are we being lead in the exact opposite direction than where we should be heading? Although you may not agree with him¨you owe it to yourself to hear what he has to say.

** The following text is from Daniel Sheehan's New Paradigm Institute website: http://www.newparadigminstitute.org/ **

Daniel Sheehan, President: 
Daniel Sheehan is an attorney, educated at Harvard Law and Divinity Schools. Sheehan founded and was the Chief Counsel for the Christic Institute, a public interest litigation and policy center that won the first case against the KKK, exposed the Nicaraguan/Contra Affair, prosecuted the Kerr-McGee Nuclear Power Company, which stopped the building and proliferation of new nuclear power plants in the USA, and stopped the Three Mile Island Company from contaminating the public. He served as Legal Counsel to the New York Times in The Pentagon Papers case and currently serves as President and Chief Counsel for the New Paradigm Institute in Santa Cruz, CA. and Cambridge, MA.

daniel@newparadigminstitute.org 


What does "Paradigm" Mean?

A "paradigm" is a set of assumptions, concepts, values, and practices that constitutes a way of viewing reality for the community which shares them, especially in an intellectual discipline. 

THE NEW PARADIGM INSTITUTE:


A Brief History


The New Paradigm Institute (NPI) is a new alternative public policy think-tank which has just been established in Cambridge, Massachusetts, while our Public Education Center is located in Santa Cruz, California. The research and information compiled in Cambridge is being disseminated through an aggressive public education campaign which will include a book and ensuing book tour, speaking tours, a New Paradigm Academy and many other outreach and education programs. We are generating local Action Committees, and national and global alliances as we help generate a New Paradigm Movement inspiring vision and actions that will usher in a new era of peace, fairness and sustainability.



The Problem


The growing consciousness of the American people is not being reflected in the leadership of our major institutions and government bodies. Policy solutions that failed during the Guilded Age are being touted as solutions to very critical new problems faced by humanity at the dawn of the 21st Century. Politicians are masking their true policy intentions with rhetoric that manipulates the internal ethics of the voters. Citizens are feeling disempowered and disillusioned with the majority of those who hold public office.



Our Offering


The New Paradigm Institute offers a system of analysis that will help clarify our thinking as voters, and provides some vital tools and programs that will empower us as citizens. New thinking tools are necessary if we are to successfully solve new and seemingly intractable problems.



Founders: Brief History


The inspiration and founders of the New Paradigm Institute are Attorney Daniel Sheehan, trained at Harvard College, Harvard Law School and Harvard Divinity School, and Sara Nelson trained at Cornell University and Berkeley. Danny and Sara were the co-founders and the co-directors of the The Christic Institute in Washington, D.C. who were directly responsible for surfacing and prosecuting the unconstitutional conduct of George Bush, Senior and numerous members of his Administration in the Iran/Contra Scandal during the 1980s. They also co-directed The Karen Silkwood Case (which stopped the construction of all new private nuclear power stations in the United States from 1979); The Three-Mile Island Case (which stopped the Federal Nuclear Regulatory Commission from dumping the radioactive waste materials from the damaged Three-Mile Island Nuclear Facility into the Susquehanna River); and The American Sanctuary Movement Case (which declared unconstitutional the efforts of The Reagan/Bush Administration to deport legitimate political refugees from the United States back to El Salvador or Guatemala). Danny also served as Legal Counsel to The New York Times in The Pentagon Papers Case and represented Fathers Daniel Berrigan and Phil Berrigan during The Viet Nam War. Mr. Sheehan was the Director of The Strategic Initiative To Identify The New Paradigm of President Mikhail Gorbachevãs State of The World Forum in San Francisco. Sara served as the Labor Secretary for the National Organization for Women (N.O.W.) in Washington, D.C. and was the National Executive Director of Mikhail Gorbachev's "State of The World Forum" in San Francisco in 1999.

The New Paradigm Institute holds that there exist eight separate, internally consistent worldviews, or paradigms. These paradigms are best understood when placed on a spectrum. The public policy positions that correspond with each paradigm, in each issue area, are key to understanding where we've been and where we need to go, as individuals, a nation and a global family. What we call the "New Paradigm" is but one of the eight worldviews.

The New Paradigm Institute will bring the most promising new knowledge from a wide variety of fields - including physics, ecology, religion, and philosophy - directly to bear on a wide spectrum of American public policy issues. 

Some 24 such specific national public policy issue areas have been identified by The New Paradigm Institute, and each area will be addressed by experienced persons qualified to generate policy proposals in these respective fields.

Only through the study and comparison of all eight worldviews will we discover the relative strength of a New Paradigm Worldview at this point in history.

In the field of Alternative Energy, a "New Paradigm" assessment would generate a set of General Principles which would recommend that our national energy policy should seek a non-polluting and sustainable source of energy that can be obtained in a manner which does not exploit other nations or damage the natural environment. In the case of the "New Paradigm," these General Principles would militate on behalf of the adoption of a major federal program to develop increased sources of wind power, solar power, hydrogen power and other alternatives to petroleum. Various specific concrete programs which would effectuate this objective would then be examined. And the best would be translated into a concrete set of specific legislative and executive proposals.

The New Paradigm Institute will not limit itself to the study of a single New Paradigm Worldview. Each of the other seven paradigms would also prescribe alternate public policies consistent with the General Principles to which individuals who share their worldviews would subscribe. 

The New Paradigm Institute seeks to educate the public about the existence of these eight worldviews. This information can be used as a tool for better understanding true policy implications of various worldviews or paradigms of thought, and for sharper discernment between a politician's rhetoric and his/her policy intentions.

For example, if one were seeking to understand the worldview of a given candidate for public office, to really cut through the rhetoric and be able to predict the public policy positions that this individual would be likely to initiate or support, one need only look at a number of this individual's issue positions and place him or her in the appropriate worldview or paradigm. In this way the understanding of paradigms is a predictive tool.

Alternately, public policy itself can be examined through the understanding and use of a paradigm model. The New Paradigm Institute is working with experts and scholars to elucidate the positions that correspond with each paradigm in each public policy issue area. For example, if one were interested in Healthcare Policy, one would be able to come to the New Paradigm Institute and receive information on the Healthcare model that each worldview would espouse. 

The tools being developed by the New Paradigm Institute are both innovative and accessible. Through your support we hope to generate appreciation for the highest manifestations of all worldviews, each of which presents appropriate solutions to problems occuring in certain conditions and times. 

We invite you to join with us to co-create the New Paradigm of thought and policy and the New Paradigm Academy and Movement which will most effectively guide us into an era of peace, fairness and sustainability.


** A Message of Hope from the Hopi Nation:

The Hopi Elders Speak

"We Are the Ones We've Been Waiting For"


You have been telling the people that this is the Eleventh Hour.

Now you must go back and tell the people that this is The Hour.

And there are things to be considered:


Where are you living?

What are you doing?

What are your relationships?

Are you in right relation?

Where is your water?

Know your garden.

It is time to speak your Truth.

Create your community. Be good to each other. And do not look outside yourself for the leader. 


This could be a good time!

There is a river flowing now very fast. It is so great and swift that there are those who will be afraid. They will try to hold on to the shore. They will feel they are being torn apart, and they will suffer greatly.

Know the river has its destination. The elders say we must let go of the shore, push off into the middle of the river, keep our eyes open, and our heads above the water. See who is in there with you and celebrate.

At this time in history, we are to take nothing personally. Least of all, ourselves. For the moment that we do, our spiritual growth and journey comes to a halt.

The time of the lone wolf is over. Gather yourselves!

Banish the word struggle from your attitude and your vocabulary.

All that we do now must be done in a sacred manner and in celebration.

We are the ones we've been waiting for.


¨The Elders Oraibi
Arizona Hopi Nation



| Archived and seeded by !UtopiAted!Net! || http://utopiated.net

