What it is
A program that lets you get e-mail from multiple accounts in one place.
What it gives you
? Speedy access to multiple e-mail accounts in one place (even AOL and Gmail)
? The power of desktop software with the flexibility of Web-based e-mail
? A way to get your newsgroups and RSS feeds as easily as you get e-mail
? The ability to compose, delete, and organize e-mail even when you\'re offline
? A massive 2 GB* of online inbox storage
? Address AutoComplete and other handy features to let you speed through your e-mail like never before
? The power to instantly add a Windows Live Spaces blog entry about any message
? Keep in touch with your Windows Live Messenger contacts right from inside the program
? Easy creation and editing of photo e-mails
* 2 GB = 2,000,000,000 bytes


Frequently Asked Questions
 
Does Windows Live Mail Desktop Beta let me get e-mail from more than one e-mail account?
Yes, you can add multiple accounts, both Web-based ones (like MSN┬« Hotmail┬«, AOL and Gmail), and POP3- or IMAP-enabled accounts (the kind of e-mail you usually get on your desktop with an e-mail client like Microsoft┬« Office Outlook┬«).

Will the security features of Windows Live Mail Desktop Beta work across all my e-mail accounts?
Yes. Powerful security features will help protect you against junk e-mail, viruses, and fraudulent ?phishing? messages for all e-mail that you get with the Windows Live? Mail Desktop Beta software?no matter what account it comes from.

Why do I need a Passport or Hotmail account?
Well, first of all, we need a way to identify you to help protect your e-mail account. Also, Windows Live Mail Desktop Beta is designed to work with other MSN and Windows Live services. Once you?ve logged in to the program, we can give you seamless, one-click access to Windows Live Spaces, Windows Live Messenger, and all your Windows Live contacts. And remember: once you sign in, you?ll be able to see all the accounts you have added to Windows Live Mail Desktop Beta?without signing in to each account individually.


 
http://ideas.live.com/programpage.aspx?versionId=6ac2bed2-b5a4-4a0a-a897-e36dd191a9f4