password to open http://dvdfilm.tv

another great item from cheapsoftware

Many are unneeded and only consume resources slowing down your system.Others may be downright evil consisting of spyware and viruses. Thesestartup items can slow down your computer more than anything else. Takeback control of your computer with Speed Startup


Improves both Startup and Computer System 
Don't wait minutes for your computer to run through the startup items and don't allow your computer to be slowed down by all of those worthless background programs that are put on your computer. 

Gives you Control of Startup 
Lets you decide what to run at startup and what not to run. For example, if you don't like some of those icons along the bottom of the screen next to the time, remove their startup item and be free of them. 

Run Cleaner with our Unique Four Level Process 
Our cutting edge research and technology brings more efficiency to your computer. 

Level One - Detect and Remove Useless Items 
90% of the items in startup are unneccessary and some, like spyware and viruses, are downright harmful. Even the most hidden items can be found and safely removed.

Level Two - Move Rarely Used items to Manual Run 
Why automatically start an item every day that you only use once a month? Put it in the Manual Run section and run it only when you need it.

Level Three - Run Needed Items One at a Time in Lineup 
Windows runs all startup items at the same time causing a major bottleneck of resources. Running them one at a time frees up resources and speeds up the whole process.

Level Four - Speed Rebuild Startup Items 
Each startup item is rebuilt so that it starts faster.

Identify Each Startup Item 
Our own specialized database and a constantly growing internet database of tens of thousands of startup items are used to inform you about each item, where it hides, and how dangerous it is. 

Inspects Secret and Common Startup Locations 
Our extensive research has turned up many secret startup locations that other programs like MSCONFIG do not know about. 

Locks Annoying Programs Out 
Some startup items do not like to be removed and will reinstall themselves. Speed Startup locks out removed items. 

Alerts When New Items are Added 
You don't have to constantly run Speed Startup to find new startup items. Windows' startup locations are automatically checked for you. When new items are found, you are notified and prompted what to do with them. 

Don't Worry about Making a Mistake 
Items can easily be moved from one level to another and can easily be restored to the way things were before. 

Easy for You 
A diagnosis and quick, easy, one-click solutions are at your disposal. 

Results May Vary 
Please be aware that the more startup items you have on your computer the greater the improvement Speed Startup will give. On the other hand, if you have few startup items, the improvement may not be noticeable. Keep the startup items cleaned out with Speed Startup