PRISON BREAK SEASON 2 Episode 13 by deathmule
(NTSC 16:9) no subs

Episode 213 "The Killing Box" 
Airdate: 11/27/2006



Lincoln holds himself up, and Michael kneels on the ground. Sara?s voice speaks out from the cell phone. Mahone motions to Michael with the gun, ?Get up!? Lincoln begs Mahone to take him and let Michael go, Mahone screams out, ?I don?t want either of you! I just want my life back!? Suddenly, a swarm of United States Border Patrol SUVs roll up behind them. Over a loud speaker, and officer orders Mahone to drop the weapon. Mahone calls out that he is with the FBI, but the officer doesn?t care and orders Mahone to drop his weapon. After some thought, Mahone complies, and the Border Patrol moves in.

Above the U.S. and Mexico border, Sucre and the pilot race towards their destination. However, the DEA has sent a plane after them and hails them over the radio. The pilot tells Sucre that Border Patrol is on them, but it?s too late to land the plane. The pilot shoves a parachute into Sucre?s chest and tells him, ?Pull the chord, and pray.? The pilot jumps and Sucre hurries into his chute. Sucre shakes his head, and jumps out the door.

Agent Kim watches a breaking news report describing the capture of Lincoln and Michael. He shakes his head.

Kellerman sits in his car, listening into radio reports of the capture.

A handful of C.O.s at Fox River sit around a small television, watching the conclusion of the hunt.

FBI agents applaud at their office when the news reports declare Lincoln and Michael captured.

Back in Agent Kim?s office, and aide walks in and tells Kim, ?Sir, he just heard.? A look of concern washes across Kim?s face.

T-Bag sits on the end of a dumpy bar. He toasts a shot glass to the news report, ?God speed, gentleman.? T-Bag turns to look at the other people in the bar when a man with a prosthetic claw takes a drink. T-Bag saunters over to a group of war vets who are drinking and playing pool. He asks one of the men where he might be able to get a similar hand. The vet sends him down the street to the VA.

The Border Patrol guards drag Michael and Lincoln into their New Mexico hold facility. Michael?s eyes dart around, looking for another way out.

Reporters stand alongside Warden Ed Pavelka, the new Warden of Fox River Penitentiary. The Warden tells the reporters that when Lincoln returns to Fox River, he will be given a quick execution. Above that, the Warden tells them that Michael can expect to spend the rest of his life behind bars.

Agent Wheeler congratulates over the phone. Mahone paces inside the Border Patrol facility, asking what is being sent his way. Wheeler tells him that Illinois Department of Corrections is sending a massive group to make sure nothing interferes with their return. Mahone tells Wheeler that he needs to be allowed to sit in the prison vehicle, alone. Just himself, Lincoln and Scofield.
