
              Join Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny as these four animated
              tykes take on the supernatural, the extraordinary and the 
              insane. For them, it's all a part of growing up in South 
              Park.
              
              
                                      Chef Aid
                           
              Chef faces jail and unless he can raise 2 million dollars
              to pay off the slimy capitalist records company. Learning
              for the first time that chef is a legend in the music
              business, the boys unite the two for a benefit concert,
              Chef Aid, to bail him out. Some of chefs famous friends
              drop by to lend a hand including Sir Elton John and 
              Meatloaf.
              
                                    Spooky Fish
                                     
              When Stan is given a goldfish as a present, the first night
              it kills two people. Meanwhile there is something seriously
              wrong with Cartman, eventually Chef and the rest of the boys
              discover that Cartman and the spooky fish have come from an 
              evil parrallel universe. Kyle, Stan and Chef join forces to
              restore order in South Park. 
              
                            Merrie Christmas Charlie Manson
                                  
              When Stans parents say no to a road-trip to Cartmans Grand-
              mas house, Stan sneaks out to join Kyle, Kenny and Cartman,
              anyway. Dinner with the Cartman family takes a bizarre twist
              when their uncle Howard shows up with a special freind, 
              after breaking out of prison, and the holiday results in a
              police stand-off. 
              
                                      Gnomes
                           
              The boys have to turn in a report to the town to prove
              that Mr. Garrison actually teaches them something. Kyle,
              Kenny, Stan and Cartman are put in a group with Tweek who
              wants to write a report on the gnomes that he believes 
              are coming into his house and stealing his underpants.
              However Tweeks father, the owner of the local coffeee 
              shop, offers an easier alternative as he writes the 
              report for them on how large corporations try to push
              out small companies.
              
                                Prehistoric Iceman
                                
              While attempting to rescue Kyle from the bottom of a 
              snowy crevice, the boys discover a man embedded in a block
              of ice. The world watches while South Parks resident
              gentetic engineer, Mephesto, studies the Ice Man as a
              possible missing link between prehistoric man and the 
              modern era. However, events involving the "new find" 
              cause tension between Stan and his best freind Kyle.