Please note this is almost the exact number as words as the finaly copy that has been sent to print from JAN 2007, this is probably the real thing.

Enjoy :)



Chapter One 
 
Secrets Unraveled 
 
Harry slowly raised his head and stared morosely at the familiar visage 
of number four, Privet Drive. What had already been a horrible day was 
rapidly getting worse. Not only did he have to appear unannounced on 
the Dursleys? doorstep (something he knew they?d have no problem 
expressing their displeasure over), but he?d also have to tell them 
that two other freaks would be joining him this afternoon. The corner 
of Harry?s mouth twitched humorlessly as he envisioned how they?d take 
the news. 
 
He?d left Ron and Hermione at King?s Cross station a little over an 
hour ago. They were each going to make quick stops at their respective 
homes before Apparating to Privet Drive. Harry smiled fondly, 
remembering their show of solidarity. He hadn?t been expecting it; he?d 
thought he?d be going on alone. Although he was desperately worried 
about them and the remainder of their quest, he had to admit that the 
thought of some support while facing his relatives was quite nice 
indeed. 
 
 
Harry had thought it would be better ? or at least less embarrassing ? 
if he arrived at Privet Drive first and prepared his relatives for 
their arrival. He?d wanted to get away from the Hogwarts Express and 
the other students as quickly as possible?before he ran into Ginny. 
 
Ginny. 
 
Harry quickly shook his head ? he couldn?t afford to think about Ginny. 
He still didn?t think his resolve was strong enough to hold.  
 
Since he wasn?t yet of age, he?d quickly slipped away without speaking 
to any of the crowd at King?s Cross and taken the train to Privet 
Drive. The long, hot journey had left him irritable. It didn?t bode 
well for the coming reunion. He?d considered just Apparating back from 
Hogsmeade to avoid the Hogwarts Express altogether. So what if the 
Ministry chucked him out of Hogwarts now? He wasn?t going back, anyway.  
 
Hermione, always the voice of reason, reminded him that there was no 
need to give the Ministry an excuse to break his wand, and Harry had to 
admit that she had a point.  
 
Rufus Scrimgeour wanted Harry under his control, and Harry wouldn?t put 
it past the man to make life difficult in an effort to force Harry to 
comply. Harry had no patience for the man or his politicking. Still, 
recklessly using underage magic for the sake of mere convenience was a 
risk not worth taking.  
 
He hated when Hermione was right. 
 
So, he?d sat in a compartment with Ron and Hermione and tried to ignore 
the hole in his heart that Ginny?s absence created. He hadn?t seen her 
the entire journey home and wondered which compartment she?d sat on the 
train. Neither Ron nor Hermione had asked him where she was, but he?d 
caught Hermione staring at him speculatively on several occasions.