TEAM SWEDEN PRESENTS: Grand.Theft.Auto.1.Plus.2.WORKiNG-TEAMSWEDEN


 - RLS iNFORMATiON -

MOViE TiTLE...: Grand Theft Auto 1 Plus 2
RLS DATE......: 2008-01-20
STREET DATE...: Long time ago...
SOURCE........: rockstarsgames
RARS..........: GTA1: 23x15 mb, GTA2: 25x15 mb
GAME SiZE.....: 674 MB ~ (Both games)
RUNTiME.......: So long u will!
iMDB..........: http://www.rockstarsgames.com/
GENRE.........: Action


    - P L O T -

GTA 1:
In 1997, a band of developers that would come to be known as Rockstar North
and Rockstar Games released the original Grand Theft Auto on an unsuspecting
public. The groundbreaking non-linear urban crime game shook up a complacent game
industry with its irreverent gameplay, humor and style- and a phenomenon was born.
We are now offering this classic progenitor of the Rockstar Games lineage as the
first in a recurring series of Rockstar PC game downloads, absolutely free of
charge. It's a chance for new fans to experience the roots of Rockstar as well as
our way of saying thank you to our long-time supporters feeling that pang of
nostalgia. Simply fill out the form below and check your email for a direct link
to the file - we've even optimized the game for play on the latest and greatest
computers. Now, don't say we never gave you anything.

GTA2:
In 1999, Rockstar Games and Rockstar North (then known as DMA Design) furthered
the groundbreaking gameplay concepts established just two years prior in the
original Grand Theft Auto - with the release of GTA2. GTA2 expanded on the
top-down, open-ended crime world gameplay formula with a host of new features
including the advent of multiple rival gangs ? seven, to be exact, including the
Yakuza, Scientists, Looneys, Rednecks, Zaibatsu, the Russian Mob and Hare
Krishnas. Earn your respect with each gang. Reap the benefits with all manner of
shady work-for-hire gigs contracted your way. And climb your way to the top of
the criminal pile.

Now, longtime Grand Theft Auto fans can revisit this classic entry in the series - and new jacks who missed out on this early franchise title can further discover Grand Theft Auto?s roots - absolutely free. GTA2 has been completely optimized for play on modern PCs and is available gratis for all registrants to the Rockstar Games mailing list (rest assured your information will not be shared with any third parties, you will only receive information from Rockstar). Simply fill out the form below and check your email for a direct link to the file (353 MB .zip file, includes install .exe, readme .txt file, and a .pdf of the original PC game manual).

     - NOTES -

Enjoy this classic games!

    - CONTACT -

Wanna help us?

We need:

- Swedish translators that can handle Subtitles Workshop!
- 10Mbit+ site Affil!

Can you help with anything of this?
Contact us at: tsweden@hushmail.com