Seether - One Cold Night

ARTIST.....: Seether
TITLE......: One Cold Night
LABEL......: Wind-Up Records
URL........: http://www.seether.com/

RIP DATE...: Jun-13-2006
STORE DATE.: Jun-13-2006
GENRE......: Acoustic
QUALITY....: VBR  /  44.1Hz  /  Joint-Stereo
SIZE.......: 93,2 MB


Track Listing:

01 - Gasoline                                   02:57
02 - Driven Under                               04:59
03 - Diseased                                   03:46
04 - Truth                                      05:16
05 - Immortality                                05:02
06 - Tied My Hands                              05:16
07 - Sympathetic                                04:12
08 - Fine Again                                 05:05
09 - Broken                                     04:17
10 - The Gift                                   05:37
11 - Remedy                                     03:41
12 - Plastic Man                                03:35
13 - The Gift (Alternate Mix) (Bonus Track)     04:24

                                                ÄÄÄÄÄ
                                                58:07 min
Release Notes:

Wind-up Records recording artists Seether is set to reveal a new
side to their sound with One Cold Night, a two disc CD/DVD package
to be released July 11, 2006.  Recorded at Philadelphia?s Grape
Street on February 22, 2006, the live acoustic show features hits
from the band?s gold certified debut albums Disclaimer and
Disclaimer II and their current release, the gold certified Karma
& Effect. Included on the CD are Seether?s smash hits ?Remedy? and
?Broken.?  The final track listing also showcases some of the
band?s most hard-rocking anthems including ?Gasoline? and ?Truth?
in a fresh, intimate setting that provides a unique experience for
both new and long time fans. One Cold Night highlights Shaun
Morgan?s heartfelt vocals and his intensity as a performer as well
as the band?s superior musicianship.

Grape Street provided a meaningful location to capture this
special night with Seether.  The venue happens to be the site
where guitarist Pat Callahan first met Seether?s Shaun Morgan and
Dale Stewart.  The chance meeting ultimately led to Callahan being
offered an audition to join the band.  Singer and principal
songwriter Shaun Morgan recalls, ?I remember seeing Pat play at
the original Grape Street club and I knew I wanted him in the
band. This was a homecoming for him and the band, per se, and
could not have been at another place. We are all very comfortable
at Grape Street and have always had the feeling of family in that
place.?  When asked about performing his repertoire in an acoustic
setting, he continued, ?This is an experience for us to have some
fun and present our music in a different fashion. It is amazing
for us to be able to play the same heavy songs in a more intimate
environment. We love it because we feel a connection with the
audience and they can understand and listen to every chord that
comes from the stage. It?s always fun to just mix it up and that's
what we?re all about.?

?The Gift,? Seether?s current and third single from Karma &
Effect, continues to build strong radio airplay.  The song is #16
on the active rock chart this week, and climbing at modern.
Entertainment Weekly offered, ??Morgan strikes rock-radio gold in
''The Gift,'' a deliciously moody ballad??  The recently completed
music video for the track was shot on location in Oaxaca, Mexico
with director Meiert Avis.
The bonus DVD includes an in-depth interview with the band
conducted by Philadelphia?s WMMR on-air legend Pierre Robert; the
music video for ?The Gift,? a behind the scenes package from the
Oaxaca video shoot, and a gallery of still photos from the Grape
Street performance.  The set list features some rarities,
including a performance of ?Tied My Hands,? a favorite from the
band?s early days as Saron Gas, and a cover of Pearl Jam?s
?Immortality.?
Seether plans to tour in support of One Cold Night and will
announce dates soon.  The band recently completed the sold-out
SnoCore tour which they headlined in most cities.  Check
www.Seether.com for details and updates to the itinerary as they
become available.

