
The One Eyed Dude gives ya...


Title:

      .:. Ultra Assault / Small Rockets! .:.


Release Note:

This is a 100% working crack!, no crashes while using editor!
besides this the Protection was really a Joke. wtf got cracked on
the other version around?, i wish i would know!. fact is that they
made changes to the program code, but NOT to the protection Routine!.
only god knows why!. -eol-


About:

Ultra Assault brings Retro shoot'em up action back with a bang!

Fly a top-secret combat aircraft through six levels of mayhem.
Configurable difficulty, dynamic music, stunning graphics, and
a level editor round off the explosive action.

6 huge levels, each with its own bosses to defeat
Classic 2D game play with full 3D graphics and effects
Dynamic soundtrack and powerful sound effects

Includes a complete editor - now you can make new levels 
and share them Wide variety of aliens to battle.

Windows 2000/2003/95/98/98SE/Me/XP (XP Fixed!)
Free hard drive space: 120 MB


How To:

1) Unrar Archive and Double Click "ToeD.exe" 

2) Copy "Crack/ultraassault.exe" to Game folder (rename orginal .exe)

3) Enjoy another Shortie!



About the Second Game


Title:

.:. Kayak Extreme Full (Real Rafting Simulation) .:.


About:

Race against the clock in this fantastic simulation
of the ultimate white-knuckle watersport.

Test your abilities in a range of environments Alpine mountain streams,
African rivers and the thunderous flows of Alaska.There's also a training
course to get you started.

Complete stages to unlock new Kayaks and paddles. 
You'll need to master the water to complete all three difficulty levels.

This Full version features

* 4 distinct environments - Training, Alpine, Africa and Alaska
* Spectacular water effects
* 3 difficulty levels
* 3 different kayaks to unlock
* Unlock new paddle types


How to Install:

Follow the "GameInfo.txt" instructions, included in the Kajak folder!


E N J O Y ! ! !


-T O E D 


btw: look into Bonus Folder to find more Short n Cool Full Games!.
     all brought to you by The One Eyed Dude ! -Enjoy!

Games like...California Games , IK+, Takatis,Turrican all PC-Versions!!!





