┬ºtatiC Audio
------------------
Phish - New Year's Eve '95 (Madison Square Garden)

Disc 1
01. Punch You in the Eye 	  	 
02. Sloth 	  	 
03. Reba 	  	 
04. Squirming Coil 	  	 
05. Maze 	  	 
06. Colonel Forbin's Ascent 	  	 
07. Fly Famous Mockingbird 	  	 
08. Shine 	  	 
09. Fly Famous Mockingbird 	  	 
10. Sparkle 	  	 
11. Chalk Dust Torture 	  	 

Disc 2
01. Audience Chess Move 	  	 
02. Drowned 	  	 
03. Lizards 	  	 
04. Axilla, Pt. II 	  	 
05. Runaway Jim 	  	 
06. Strange Design 	  	 
07. Hello My Baby 	  	 
08. Mike's Song 	  	 

Disc 3
01. Gamehendge Time Phactory 	  	 
02. Auld Lang Syne 	  	 
03. Weekapaug Groove 	  	 
04. Sea and Sand 	  	 
05. You Enjoy Myself 	  	 
06. Sanity 	  	 
07. Frankenstein 	  	 
08. Johnny B. Good (Encore)
------------------
Notes:

     Hey guys. Haven't ripped anything in quite a while, but I'd like to start up again. Lets consider this my first.
     I've listened to this album about 15 times already. It's awesome. The thing that I really love about Phish is that they prevailed without really using the industry. Fuck the industry. Anyway, I also included a few rough mixes that I got back from the studio the other day of my band. If you actually wind up listening to them gimme some feedback. http://www.myspace.com/aftertheuniverse
------------------
Reviews:

1) "If you're new to Phish, start here. Ever since I became a phan, I've been waiting to hear this one in soundboard goodness. And is it good... the best sound quality of any live Phish show I've heard, and a great show. This show if from a time when there was energy and life in each song (as opposed to later Phish, where they were just going through the motions, imho). Don't be weirded out by the inclusion of 'Shine'. They only do one verse and it's part of a joke they're making. And the song sounds decent when Phish plays it." 

2) "I remember randomly downloading this show about 5 years ago not realizing what it was. When I found it listed in the Almanac as the number 1 show of all time, I rushed to listen to the whole thing....over, and over, and over.....After 5 years, and countless listens, I'm no where near being sick of this show. Every set has a unique feel to it, but they're all tied together by the non-stop energy and flawless jamming. There are really too many peaks and spine-tingling moments to mention. Since no one else has mentioned it, I'll point out the amazing Weekapaug. If you're a show-collector, you'll notice the carry-over funk jam from the previous nights. Anyway, just buy this show and treat your ears to the greatness of the music."

3) "I had the pleasure of seeing Phish dozens and dozens of times between 1993 and 2004, this is without a doubt, the best Phish show I ever saw. It's hard to put into words what about this particular show made it so amazing. Back in the day, I remember Trey coming out on stage with his arms up in the air shaking his fists, just so freaking excited to be there, and you felt the same energy. It was that combination of the band just being beyond excited and the fans the same way, the creates a show such as this.
Every song here is a joy to listen to. Some of my favorites are Punch You in the Eye, Reba (best I've ever heard), Runaway Jim(Best I've ever heard), Mike's Song, Drowned....The list goes on. This is a seminal concert release of what Rolling Stone called "one of the 10 best concerts of the 1990's"." 

4) "Just got this for Christmas and haven't stopped listening to it for 3 days. Better than Hampton comes alive at almost a third of the price. Trey proposes the question what if we were forever stuck in 1994 as the band begins playing Shine by Collective Soul... need I say more?"
------------------
Ripped with CD MP3 Terminator.

If you like this CD go out and buy it, ┬ºtatiC Audio is a non-profit organization.


Please seed this torrent.
-MetalRock
Enjoy ;)