Original files downloaded from
Encoded for iphone/ipod touch with the free MediaCoder software from http://mediacoder.sourceforge.net/

Because it took AGES to convert the stuff for my ipod touch (not to speak of testing out different encoding programs) i thought I'd save someone else the bother.

Enjoy,
-DF

---------------------------------------------------
The following description was taken from 
---------------------------------------------------

Original Title: Eikoku Koi Monogatari Emma 
In Kanji: ??????? 
English Title: Victorian Romance Emma

One of my favorite series this season, it's sooooooooo cute 

Container: avi
Video: 704x396 600-800kb/s XviD
Audio: 2*64kb/s cbr mp3
Language: Japanese audio, English hardsubs by IIchan Translation Group
Source: DTV

Info from AnimeNfo:
Historical, Romance, Drama.
It?s a love story begin with a casual encounter. As time passes, their love grows and the relation is getting closer. However, the severe reality interferes with their love - Social Hierarchy. It is a love story of a maid and a gentry goes in London at the end of 19th century. 

Emma is a modest girl who seldom expresses her emotion. But she smiled when she met William. He looks week, but he is honest and keeps nothing from others. She has spent modest lives, while William lives in a gorgeous society. Although they know they are not allowed to love, but they cannot help being attracted. 

The appearances of Hakim of an Indian royal family, Elenor, the third daughter of a viscount add extra touch to the love story. Then, their love is swayed by the objection of William?s father, and the death of Kerry who has taken after Emma since her childhood.

During the time of revolution, confronting the social convention, what conclusion will Emma and William make?

Note 1: Each episode of this release includes a piece of "Historical Notes" on Emmas world at the end.

Note 2: This series is based on a manga by Kaoru Mori and was originaly planned for 36eps. Due yo lack of funding they stop at 12 eps the story has NOT been rewritten to fit 12 eps though. If the studio (Studio Pierrot) can find money/sponsors for it two more seasons will come.

Note 3: This serie is almost "DEAD SILENT" as in no violence, no sex/ecchi, no action and no foul/dirty language. Might not suite everyone out there...