Jenna Haze `Your Super Star Girlfriend` 
Sweet, Commanding, Seductive & Sexy Jerk Off Encouragement Pantyhose #3 


screens: 
http://www.imageblues.com/show.php/83_JennaHaze.jpg.html



Playtime Video 1862

Description
Oh My God! It will Feel like Jenna is Right in Front of you During her 4 Hand Pounding Scenes! All Wolford's! POV! Lots of Girlfriend Style J/O Instructions! Head Games with Real Life things to do for Her! "That's it baby play with yourself as you watch me" Addictive & Seductive Talk! Point & Cum! Slow & Sexy Movements from this Siren! Love Doll! "I've got all the power over you don't I? Yes now cum for me!" This maybe Playtime's Best J/O DVD EVER! Jenna is on Fire in This video! Jenna wants to Rule Your World!

Brunette beauty Jenna Haze starts quick as she raises her short black dress as you see her ass encased in tan sheer crotch pantyhose. "Watch me wiggle around for you" as she pumps her fist while above you. She shows you where to come. Pumps, dress and black bra off, she calls you a "fucking pervert". Hot up shots as her hand slips inside her waistband and she spreads her pussy before the hose slowly come off.

Next, in a grey body suit, black sheer crotch pantyhose, Jenna knows you're addicted to her as she poses. Heels off, she states "I know you and your fucking cock!" as you suck her reinforced toes. She unsnaps the crotch and shoves her ass in your face. She takes you alone into her bathroom and teases you about your love doll as she tugs at her waistband before she takes them off.

3rd scene, in a white men's shirt and white Wolford pantyhose, Jenna needs you to keep beating off. More hot up shots as she turns over you and pumps her fist. "Stoke that fucking cock baby!" Top heels and bra off, she rolls around on her table for your viewing pleasure before those hose also sip off.

Last scene, in a brown mini dress and brown tights, Jenna gives you more views of her pussy through the sheer pantyhose crotch. She moistens her fingers and rubs them on her snatch. Down now to just the hose, she finishes you off in her bathroom and bed for your balls are now toast! 

Cast:
Jenna Haze

General:
Size..........:1.37 GiB
PlayTime......:1h 9mn
Video:
Codec.........:XviD
BitRate.......:2805 Kbps
Dimensions....:640x480
Aspect Ratio..:1.33
Frame Rate....:29.970 fps
Audio:
Codec.........:Mp3 VBR
Bit Rate......:2710 Kbps
Ch/Rate.......:2 ch, 48 KHz






