Hello again people, Stokeman here! I didn't have anything to do so I thought I would upload seven more broadcasts of C2C for all you freaks out there! Dare to be different, that's what I always say! I hope you all enjoy, especially you Pam! Thanks in advance to all the seeders! Later All!

Friday November 23rd, 2007
Moonlight Madness Open Lines
During 'Moonlight Madness' Open Lines, Bob in Monterey, CA said he has been working with a man named Ed, who uses night vision goggles to view UFOs and has witnessed them battling in the skies. Jerry shared his memories of a childhood encounter with human-ape... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Open Lines, Richard C. Hoagland, Glenn Beck

Saturday November 24th, 2007
Private Military Contractors
Author and adventurer Robert Young Pelton discussed his latest book, Licensed to Kill: Hired Guns in the War on Terror, in which he explores the rise of military privatization in Iraq and Afghanistan, as well as in our own country. According to... 
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): Robert Young Pelton, Galen Cook

Sunday November 25th, 2007
Alien Encounters
Hypnotherapist and psychotherapist Barbara Lamb discussed her study of alien abduction cases, which she came to through her work in regression therapy with clients. Abductees report 'missing time' and sometimes when they are returned from a craft they're... 
Host: Rollye James
Guest(s): Barbara Lamb

Monday November 26th, 2007
The Electric Universe: Comets & Planets
Comparative mythologist Dave Talbott (thunderbolts.info) & physicist specializing in plasma and electricity in space, Wallace Thornhill discussed the nature of the electric universe and its effect on comets and planets. The recent discharging of Comet... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Wallace Thornhill, David Talbott, Dave vonKleist

Tuesday November 27th, 2007
The Great Pyramid & Enoch
Writer and documentary filmmaker Ken Klein shared his research into ancient Egypt and the Great Pyramid. The Pyramid was not built as a tomb for the pharaoh Khufu as is commonly thought, but was constructed at least 600 years earlier-- around 3,000 ?... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Ken Klein, Dr. Robin Falkov

Wednesday November 28th, 2007
American Crises
During the first three hours, columnist and television commentator Pat Buchanan discussed his new book Day of Reckoning. He outlined his belief that the "perfect storm" of crises are leading America to its demise. Illegal immigration is overwhelming... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Pat Buchanan, Richard C. Hoagland

Thursday November 29th, 2007
Weather Wars, Prophecy, & Giants
Author and researcher Steve Quayle discussed his recent work on climate change and weather manipulation, and also touched on his interests in biblical prophecy, giants, and the mysterious deaths of microbiologists. There's a long history of groups modifying... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Steve Quayle, Linda Moulton Howe