Posing nude on the cover is not very usual for a progressive rock band (not any other band either for that matter!) but this German group made an exception with their first and unfortunately only album. Musically they remind me of a rougher and more Hammond-drenched version of bands like Earth and Fire and Sandrose. A female singer with a very varied and enjoyable voice fronted them. She could take her voice up in a high soprano on the beautiful "Weeping My Endure" and then in a "lower" tone in the rocking "The Years at the Spring". The other most dominating part in their sound is a really delightful and thick Hammond organ-sound the way we like it. All the songs here are good. The title-track is with its nine minutes the longest and most complex one, going from energetic riffs to quiet parts where the organ and guitar creates some really mystical and haunting atmospheres. The opening track "Dark Reflections" is with its dramatic vocals, excellent melodic chorus and swirling organ-passages one of the very best tracks on the album. "Indian Meditation" features wordless vocals and some flute that fits well to the title of the track. "Analogy" is yet another lost classic of 70's progressive rock.

Analogy
Analogy  1972
at 256Kbps

Track listing
1. Dark reflections
2. Weeping my reflection 
3. Indian meditation 
4. Tin's song 
5. Analogy 
6. The year's at the spring 
7. Pan-Am flight 249 
8. Sold Out (bonus)
9. God's Own Land (bonus)

Line-up
- H.J. "Mops" Nienhaus / drums
- Jutta Nienhaus / lead vocals
- Nicola Pankoff / keyboards
- Wolfgang Schoene / bass
- Martin Thurn / 12 strings acoustic & electric guitars, flute, bongos
With:
- Mauro Rattaggi / bass 

Analogy
The Suite
composed in 1973, recorded in 1980
at 128Kbps

Track listing
1. The Suite A 
a) Sink or Swim
b) The Mirror
c) The Treatment
d) Merseburg Charm
e) Spirit Dance
2. The Suite B 
a) Ventador
b) Intermission
c) 1000 Deaths
d) Is there a Chance 

Line-up
- Martin Thurin / acoustic & electric guitar, piano, voice
- Jutta Nienhaus / vocal
- R.J. Brett / bass
- S. Hunter / drums
- J. Anderson / piano & strings
- M. Dragutesru / electric guitar
- A. Asmus / viola