Alright, a little preface before all the good stuff. This isn\'t my release, I downloaded this from another site awhile back, but since its a little more obscure and a fairly new release I thought it would be a good first share. I don\'t normally keep downloaded stuff, and never re-release it, but the quality is alright (256 VBR mp3) , not as high as I would like, and the tags are okay, so without further ado, here ya go.

Artist: Deadlock
Album: Wolves
Release: May 29th, 2007
Genre: Melodic Death Metal
Quality: 256 VBR Mp3
Country: Germany
Similar Bands: Lacuna Coil (except heavier) , Dark Tranquility, In Flames

Track Listing:
1. World Domination
2. We Shall All Bleed
3. Code Of Honor
4. Losers\' Ballet
5. Dark Cell
6. Crown Of Creation
7. End Begins
8. As Words To Bullets
9. Praeludium II
10. Bloodpact
11. To Where The Skies Are Blue


Review:  (The Insider  www.users.pandors.be)

This is the second full length on Lifeforce Records from this German band. And just like a lot of other German bands these guys live by the vegan straight edge lifestyle so the link to the ?typical? metalcore band isn?t far away. But unlike all these other bands they decided to experiment with their music and that is why I was pleasantly surprised when I heard this album for the first time. This album is full of powerful songs with a lot of variation and nice musicianship. Each of the songs create a certain atmosphere and ?Loser?s Ballet? is a perfect example for that. The classical intro with the piano stands in contrast with the heavy guitars and voice that follow. And then in the middle of the song there is a sort of epic movie theme that creates an apocalyptic sphere in the song. And that?s just an example of one song. The good thing is that the female vocals, which were present in their previous album Earth.Revolt, are more present this time now that she?s a full time member of the band. Further more the guitars deliver excellent dual work with quite some melodic and solo parts in the songs. The drums are solid and fit the music perfectly. The only thing that?s bothers me, but that?s a personal issue, is the keyboards. I just hate keyboards in songs, don?t ask me why but I just don?t like the sound of them, especially when you have a great metal riff and some keyboard comes and fucks it up. But asides from that I like what the guys have done with their new album. The production is very tight, the songs are excellent and even the artwork is great. I?m sure every fan of this band and this genre will appreciate this album and even though it took me some listens I must say that I?m a fan of this album?
