MemTurbo? 4 for Windows 98, Me, 2000, XP and 2003  
 



MemTurbo is a highly acclaimed and powerful application to achieve advanced memory optimization along with resource and cache management of files. Applications can now allocate memory without forcing Windows to swap. This leads to an increase in system?s performance and lowers response time, especially if you run many applications at the same time. 
 

  Why is memory optimization necessary?  
The computer stores information of currently running tasks in RAM. If the applications currently running or newly initiated consume more memory, the RAM may get full and the computer has to request hard disk to compensate for shortage through paging. But paging can cause your computer's performance to slow down.

MemTurbo can help in these situations, when applications are no longer active. MemTurbo can reclaim lost resources and put them to better use. By reclaiming resources, the computer does not need to access the hard drive as frequently. This will greatly enhance your computer's performance. 

 

  What is cache and how does it work?  
Cache is a reserved area on physical memory, kept by Windows, to store most recent operations and file requests. When a file is read from the disk, it is stored in system cache. If there is another read request for the same file, Windows can retrieve it from the faster system cache memory instead of reading it again from the slower hard disk. 

However, file caching can behave erratically after a period of time. Memory resources available to run applications will reduce and eventually bloat cache memory. In this situation, the system's performance may degrade, forcing you to restart your computer. 
 

 

Data is read and written to a disk using the system cache

 
MemTurbo solves this problem by taking control over the resource management of file caching and applications. The running applications can now allocate memory without forcing Windows to swap. This leads to a performance increase and to lower response times. Using MemTurbo, you have the ability to optimize your system by using its dormant resources in an efficient manner. 
 

  Why do you need MemTurbo?  
MemTurbo is a highly acclaimed and powerful application that can optimize memory and manage the cache. Applications can now use memory without forcing Windows to go to the hard drive. This leads to an increase in system?s performance, lowering the computer's response time. 
 

  How does MemTurbo save me money? 

 
Why spend thousands of dollars on a new PC when MemTurbo has the ability to make better use of your computer?s memory resources? 

You can optimize the file cache for more effective use of memory resources. 

Memory upgrades may become unnecessary when you can optimize the performance of physical memory you already have! 
 
