I'm Sorry I'll Read That Again 
The Curse of the Flying Wombat all 13 episodes

Bitrate 128 kb/s Codec mpga

**I'm Sorry I'll Read That Again (1964-1973)**

Billed as 'Radio Prune,' this show starred John Cleese, Greame Garden, Tim Brooke-Taylor, Bill 
Oddie, Jo Kendall and David Hatch 

Irreverant sketch humor, post-Goon Show, pre-Monty Python. The show brought to the air silly voices, 
early shades of Python humor, mildly smutty jokes, purposely awful puns (light-heartedly booing a 
purposely bad pun would become as much a part of the show's audience participation as laughing at 
the funnier jokes). It was totally anarchic for the times. 

The show shines soley because of the talents of those present. John Cleese would later become one 
of the founding members of Monty Python's Flying Circus, also famous for the BBC-TV program Fawlty 
Towers, and is undoubtedly one of the best comedy writers and performers ever. Bill Oddie and 
Greame Garden were regular performers on the show, and wrote the scripts with contributions from 
the others. (Python-to-be Eric Idle is also sometimes mentioned in the writing credits.) Garden and 
Oddie along with Tim Brooke-Taylor would later form 'The Goodies' for BBC-TV. David Hatch was 
another regular on the show. He has gone on to become Managing Director of the BBC Network Radio.

Episodes during 1966-68 tend to have a fun, brilliant, Python-esque quality; including the 'Curse 
Of The Flying Wombat' serial which is split up into 13 parts of the 1966 season. As more time 
passed though, the joke writing very gradually appears to become lazier in the 1969-73 seasons, 
and in retrospect those later episodes suffer and seem somewhat less quick-witted. It was around 
this time that Cleese's interests turned toward the Monty Python troupe, although he did continue 
to appear in episodes of ISIRTA. In 1989, everyone reunited for the ISIRTA 25th Anniversary special 
which finds them once again at their best and is not to be missed.
