
              Join Stan, Kyle, Cartman and Kenny as these four animated
              tykes take on the supernatural, the extraordinary and the 
              insane. For them, it's all a part of growing up in South 
              Park.
              
              
                                Not Without My Anus
                           
              With a gossip hungry public on their hands, Comedy Central
              were set to transmit the episode that would provide the 
              answer to the question on the tip of evereyones tongue:
              "Just who is Cartmans father?", instead of which on April
              Fools Day they broadcast "Not Without MY Anus" - a very
              special episode featuring Terrance and Phillip
              
                            Cartmans Mom is a Dirty Slut
                                     
              Just as Mephesto is about to reveal the identity of Eric
              Cartmans father, the genetic engineer is shot by a 
              mystreious gunman. While the boys wait for Mephesto to
              regain consiousness, a blizzard hits South Park and the
              citezens are stranded for hours on end without food.
              
                                   Chicken Lover
                                  
              A series of heinious crimes involving chickens leads to 
              a startling revelation - Officer Barbrady cant read! When
              Barbrady resigns and anarchy insues, the boys pitch in to
              help. Cartman brings his own brand of law to South Park.
              
                                   Ikes Wee Wee
                           
              After a mishap in the classroom during his lesson on the
              evils of drugs and alcohol, Mr Mackey, the school
              councellor, is fired. In an act of desperation, he turns
              to drugs and alcohol. Meanwhile, its time for Ike Bris
              and when Kyle and the boys find out what it means to be
              circumsised they try to save Ike from that fate.
              
                                Conjoined Fetus Lady
                                
              With Pip as there star player, the South Park dodgeball 
              team is off to the championships, Back in town, the local
              citezens declare a "Conjoined Twin Myslexia Awareness Week"
              in a misguided attempt to help the school nurse deal with
              a strange medical disorder.