Wykonawca : CTI (Creative Technology Institute)
Typ : ALBUM 
Gatunek :  INDUSTRIAL , EXPERIMENTAL
Jakosc : mp3@192
Data Wydania : 2005

TRACKLISTA :

1. Feeder (8:43) - Featuring - Coil
2 . Trapezoid (5:12) - Featuring - Joe Potts , John Duncan
3 . Futureshock (7:19) - Featuring - Monte Cazazza
4 . Unmasked (4:14) - Featuring - Robert Wyatt
5 . Over Abyss (6:45) - Featuring - Lustmord
6 . Guest + Host = Ghost (4:40) -  Featuring - Boyd Rice
7 . Core (7:40)

Chris & Cosey - Conspiracy International Project (COIL,BOYD RICE,HAFLER TRIO,LUSTMORD,MONTE CAZAZZA).rar

this album is known also as :
Conspiracy International and Friends - CORE
-------------------------------------------
This collaborative project from 1988 features Chris Carter and Cosey Fanni Tutti of Chris & Cosey plus an impressive selection of experimental artists from the 1980s industrial/electronic underground. 
The group Coil collaborates on the opening track, Feeder, a dark number with gothic vocals and eerie electronic sounds. As far as the keyboards lend consistency and a melody, they are quite beautiful. The track Trapezoid, with John Duncan and Joe Potts, sound very industrial with its muted voice samples and oppressive instrumental textures. Future Shock is a collaboration with performance artist Monte Cazazza. This song has a distinct oriental flavour in the background vocals and a foot tapping rhythmic texture unlike the first two tracks. Robert Wyatt is the featured artist on Unmasked, a subdued ballad with female vocals. 
Lustmord's Over Abyss has infusions of deep male vocals interspersed with lighter muffled voices, over a moody instrumental mix. Guest + Host = Ghost, with Boyd Rice, is a spooky industrial number, in sound not unlike Throbbing Gristle. The album concludes with Core by CTI, an evocative electronic piece with unusual voices and whispers over an impressive mix of sounds and instrumentation. This project is interesting from a 1980s experimental point of view, but its appeal is limited. Nothing here comes close to the memorable eerie pop songs that characterized the best of Chris and Cosey in their heyday.
 Each track on this LP was a joint project between Chris Carter, Cosey Fanni Tutti and the persons/groups credited beside the following titles. Sounds were mailed or brought to Studio 47 where they were manipulated, processed, composed and mixed with the full collaboration of those involved.