If you like rock, pop and surf music you should be a big fan of Sansui Rocknroll.

Check out their website:

www.sansuirocknroll.com




Support thoose guys, they are really good and cool!

......................................

An interview with the band (Taken from cdbaby.com):




Why the name Sansui Rocknroll?



ItÃ?Â´s so easy to remember and Toto was already taken. We wanted something that worked for the japanese market. We wanna go there and play.





What kind of music do you play?



WeÃ?Â´re like the caffeine for the caffeineaddicted. Something you need to feel satisfied. We use ordinary rockinstruments. And a saxophone. People tend to like that. We believe itÃ?Â´s because it shines so bright. When we use our instruments itÃ?Â´s usually alot of energy and all kinds of people seem to enjoy what weÃ?Â´re doing. Everything from oldies to tha kidz. 





For how long have you played together?



Some of us have played together since Kindergarten but the band as it is today started one raw and chilly night in march 2006. That was our first gig and the soundengineer was one of strangest persons weÃ?Â´ve ever met.





Is it important for you to play live?



Yeah. ItÃ?Â´s what we enjoy the most and we want people to see that and have as much fun as we have. 





Mention some music you like!



We like when music is uncompromised and unique. It doesnÃ?Â´t really matter if itÃ?Â´s deathmetal or country.





Name some bands you like!



Bob hund, Modest Mouse, Beck, Radiohead, Frank Zappa, The Animal Five, The Flaming Lips, Sonic Youth, The Beatles, Vomitory, The Chemical Brothers, Daniel Johnston, Johnny Cash, Kelly Clarkson, Peter Bjorn and John, Pearl Jam, Queens of the Stone Age, Meshuggah etc.





Does any of the bandmembers possess any super powers?



Maybe itÃ?Â´s not a super power but Gustav (drums) eat almost as slow as The Hulk is strong when heÃ?Â´s angry and all green. Gustav also has the most beautiful eyes. He once got that as a compliment from and old man. According to witnessess that was one scary situation. How sane is it for a complete stranger to tell a boy that he has beautiful eyes?





If you werenÃ?Â´t playing music, what would you do?



Henric would work as a postman. ItÃ?Â´s paid exercise goddamnit!

Gustav would work at a local mall in his hometown.

Rikard would work at a gas station. Probably Shell. He would handle the sausages. 

Niels would be an electrician. Probably he wouldnÃ?Â´t do that much at all. 

Anders would inherit the familyfarm and work as a farmer. Mainly milkproduction.

Joakim would work as a janitor. Probably at Saab. Or elsewhere. 





What do you think about your latest record?



We think itÃ?Â´s really good and all the songs are radio-smash-hit-singles and everybody should buy it. We think itÃ?Â´s our best record so far and we are very proud of it.





How many records have you done?



One. This included.





Tell us how you recorded the album?



People showed up with the instruments and played. We decided that if we played wrong we should do retakes until we got it right. And it should sound good aswell. Half of the songs were written before we started to record and the rest were done all along the recording process. We wanted to get a live sound with alot of energy and feeling. ThatÃ?Â´s what we like. ItÃ?Â´s alot going on on the album but thatÃ?Â´s the way we want it. ItÃ?Â´s supposed to be fun to listen to our/any album. The songs differ alot but weÃ?Â´ve always worked towards a sound and an overall picture. We think weÃ?Â´ve captured the sound of a band playing itÃ?Â´s repertoire live at a random dance palace. If you wanna know anything about the technical stuff we can reveal as much as we only used very expensive microphones and old analog gear with tubes and blinking buttons. It took us almost four months to record the album. No time to rest, work work work, but nooo stress. 





One final question; Can you tell us something fun youÃ?Â´ve experienced?



No.




