DOCUMENTARY: Dispatches - Children of the Secret State 

Children of the Secret State' is an investigation into North Korea, 
considered by many as the last Stalinist dictatorship, a hidden and 
sealed country riddled with propaganda and saturated with hostility 
to democracy and the West. 

Joe Layburn and the Hardcash team discovered a young North Korean, 
known by the pseudonym 'Ahn Chol', who has been filiming undercover 
so that the world can see what is going on in his native land: the 
country where his parents both starved to death. 

His devastating footage shows some of the estimated 200,000 street 
children, mainly orphans, foraging for food in the mud and the 
gutters, ignored by the adults around them and ignored by the state 
which claims they are at its bosom. 

Joe embarks on a state-run tourist visit of North Korea, revealing 
vast unoccupied hotels, empty boulevards and countless monuments 
of Kim Jong II, the county's leader. 

(Recording is US Discovery Channel broadcast without original 
Dispatches wrapping.) 

Video: Xvid 734kb/s 320x240 4:3 
Audio: MP3 128kb/s CBR Stereo 
Runtime: 45m 

-------------------------------------------------------------------- 

Dispatches - Undercover In The Secret State 

Monday 17th October 2005 Channel 4 

This heartbreaking film is like a bad dream: there's a sense 
of bleakness and you can't see anything clearly. Its saddest 
sections are filmed undercover in the closed world of North 
Korea where we discover, with a lurching stomach, that it's 
not uncommon to see people lying dead in the street. Reporter 
Kim Jung Eun tracks down dissidents who have fled the country 
and builds a picture of the makeshift underground: a big force 
for change is smuggled videos of foreign soap operas; one man 
who managed to paste up a defiant poster and film it has become 
a hunted hero. It becomes unbearably moving to glimpse the plight 
of a whole nation through snatches of secretly filmed footage, 
but by the end you feel the very least we can do is watch. 

Video: XviD 857kb/s 512x384 4:3 
Audio: Mp3 133kb/s VBR Stereo 
Runtime: 49m
 
http://www.channel4.com/news/microsites/U/undercover_in_the_secret_state/undercover.html

More related uploads: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/BhangWalla

HELP SEED!

- BhangWalla -