1. No 
  2. Can't Stay Away From You 
  3. Voodoo Garden 
  4. Little Star 
  5. Que Te Parece, Cholita? - (featuring Eliades Ochoa & Cuarteto Patria) 
  6. Chan Chan (Charlie's Blues) - (featuring Eliades Ochoa & Cuarteto Patria) 
  7. Sabroso (Delicious) - (featuring Eliades Ochoa & Cuarteto Patria) 
  8. Siboney 
  9. My Time Someday 
  10. Blues Up The River 
  11. Please Remember Me 


Personnel: Charlie Musselwhite (vocals, guitar, harmonica); John Wedemeyer (guitar); Joe Heinemann (piano, organ); Felton Crews (bass); David Rockeach (drums, percussion). Eliades Ochoa & Cuarteta Patria: Eliades Ochoa, Humberto Ochoa (vocals, guitar); William Calderon (vocals, bass); Eglis Ochoa Hidalgo (vocals, maracas); Roberto Torres (vocals, percussion). Producers: Henri Musselwhite, Charlie Musselwhite, Sam Lehmer. Principally Recorded at Grieghallen Studio, Bergen, Norway and Fantasy Studios, Berkeley, California. All tracks have been digitally mastered using HDCD technology. CONTINENTAL DRIFTER was nominated for the 2000 Grammy Award for Best Contemporary Blues Album. Musselwhite became a blues legend by capturing the soulfulness of blues's greatest harp player, Little Walter, while still injecting an undeniable originality into his playing. Musselwhite's thick, driving sound is featured to fine effect on CONTINENTAL DRIFTER, from the straight-ahead 12-bar shuffle of "No" to the swinging, "Tequila"-like rhythm of "Can't Stay Away From You." What makes this recording unique in Musselwhite's catalogue though, is the incorporation of pronounced Cuban and Brazilian influences. "Little Star" is a bright Barney Kessel tune given a jazzy bossa nova treatment. "Que Te Parece, Cholita?" is one of several songs recorded with Cuban musicians in the traditional folk style of that country. Bringing things full circle, the two sparse tunes that close out the album have a Delta blues flavor, though Musselwhite is accompanied by Cuban musicians here as well. CONTINENTAL DRIFTER is proof that there are still some new places to take the blues.