 http://www.so-king.com/soft/views.asp?hw_id=1062
 
http://down.so-king.com:8080/SERVER%206/1062%20AutoCAD.Architecture.2008/
 
http://down.so-king.com:8080/ 



server 1 


server 2 


server 3 


server 4 


server 5 


server 6
   
HTTP://WWW.SO-KING.COM/SOFT 
Read about these key features and learn how AutoCAD┬« Architecture software enables you to design faster and document designs more easily.
 
http://usa.autodesk.com/adsk/servlet/index?siteID=123112&id=2956700

Immediate Productivity
Designers familiar with AutoCAD┬« software can begin using AutoCAD Architecture immediately to create documentation, drawings, and schedules faster, while automating tedious coordination tasks and reducing errors.

 
 View Larger 
 
 Details
Do documenting and annotating designs consume too much time? Complete these tasks faster with AutoCAD Architecture's robust library of detail components and powerful keynoting tools.  Automate the creation of details and maintain consistent annotation. And when your details are complete, generate keynote legends with just a few clicks.
 

 
 View Larger 
 
 

Walls, Doors, and Windows
Looking for a faster way to create and modify floor plans? Take advantage of architectural objects, such as walls, doors, and windows, that behave like their real-world counterparts. Automatically insert a door or window into a wall with complete placement control. Move a wall, and connected walls and spaces automatically update. To describe more complex design conditions, walls have improved interaction with other objects, even enabling you to show interference conditions with columns across external references (xrefs).
 

 
 View Larger 
 
 Scheduling
New graphic display and calculation tools help ensure that your schedules are accurate and adhere to company standards. Whether you are customizing the appearance of out-of-the-box schedule styles or creating completely new schedules from scratch, complete with your required calculations, you can do so with ease. Since schedules are linked directly to your designs, you can update them to reflect any design changes at the click of a button.
 

 
 View Larger 
 
 

Spaces
Looking for a more efficient and productive way to tag floor plans with room areas? With AutoCAD Architecture, you can now automatically tag every room in a drawing, complete with room areas. In addition, spaces update automatically if the bounding elements are changed, saving you time and making documentation more accurate. Space definitions can now also include offsets from bounding elements based on preset or user-defined rules, enabling area calculations based on various industry standards, including BOMA, DIN, and SIS.
 

 
 View Larger 
 
 Dimensioning
Does a change in your design require manual updates to your dimensioning? Let AutoCAD Architecture?s AEC Dimensions help. With even greater flexibility, you can dimension any wall?and all its components?according to your own dimensioning standards, including wall stud centerlines and faces. And since the dimensions are associative, they automatically update as your designs change, eliminating the tedium of many manual updates.
 

 
 View Larger 
 
 

Integrated Rendering
Do you find it challenging to accurately and effectively convey design ideas and intent to clients? Bring designs to life for impressive client presentations at any stage of the design with integrated rendering. The streamlined visualization capabilities are fully integrated into the AutoCAD Architecture workflow. Make your presentations stand out by visually communicating richer design information.
 

 
 View Larger 
 



 

Drawing Compare (Autodesk Subscription only)
The new Drawing Compare feature enhances collaboration by using color-coded displays to show items on a drawing that have been changed, added, or deleted by other members of the design team. Changes to items such as styles, fire ratings, or other nongraphical properties are also tracked. Combined with redlining features, such as revision clouds, the Spaces and Drawing Compare features help make communication across the design team clearer than ever.
 

Flexibility 
Because AutoCAD Architecture is built on AutoCAD software, you can work the way you do today, integrating more powerful architectural-specific features at your own pace. This phased approach helps to reduce the downtime often associated with implementing new software. In addition, AutoCAD Architecture software?s file-based approach is consistent with the standards and practices of current AutoCAD users.
