Earth 2150 is one of the greatest RTS of all time. A rare find (I found it in Emule after nights of endless searching), this great game will give you many hours of fun and will take you to the grim, dystopic future of Humanity where, after a nuclear war, two superpowers were born. In 2140 (this happened in the Relatively-Unkown game before this one, Earth 2140) the two sole Superpowers of the post-nuclear world, the United Civilizated States (UCS) and the Eurasian Dinasty (ED) began to fight for control of the world. In the end, the Eurasian Dinasty used experimental nuclear weapons to destroy the United Civilized State forces in the north pole. However, the weapons were so powerful that the blast deviated Earth\'s orbit around the sun! Now, in 2150, less than a year remains before the Earth (and the Moon too) aproaches the sun and as a result, is fried, destroyed and torn apart! With Doomsday aproaching, the Eurasian Dinasty and the United Civilized States begins to fight and kill over the remaining mineral resources of Earth, both seeking to build a evacuation fleet to escape for Mars. However, the Lunar Corporation, a Matriarcal faction of colonists that escaped to the moon before the first nuclear disaster, returns to Earth with the goal of defeating or uniting both factions for the commmon good.

Will they die? With they kill themselves in war? Or they will suceed and Escape From the Blue Planet?

"How to Install" Instructions for Dummies:

Download the game (this is pretty obvious). There are two files inside: A mdf and a mds image file. This means that you must emulate the CD. For that, use a CD emulation program, like Demonoid or Alcohol 120%. After you use it, it's going to auto-run like a usual CD. The rest is pretty straight-foward: Install the game and play. Also, it's entirely possible to play Multiplayer with it, no need for cracks and such. This game needs no serials. If you want to play Earth 2150 Multiplayer, talk to me in MSN: redslaughter@msn.com (You, Mr. Evil spam bot, don't spam my e-mail or 'ill kick your ass).

PS: This was once hosted on Demonoid, so I did a lil' homage.