Rough Science

Science - tricky enough with a white coat, top-of-the-range instruments and a warm lab. But what would happen  if you took a team of scientists, dumped them in an unforgiving environment and told them to get on with it? Rough Science aims to find out...



Series 1:  Mediterranean
  Episode 2 - Simmering Shutterbugs



Series 2: Carriacou
American Ellen McCallie replaced Lewington as the team's resident botanist,
and Kathy Sykes also made her debut, around the same time that she began
presenting another series from the same stable, Ever Wondered About Food?.
This time the setting was a Carribean island and the tasks were more
technology-based.

  Episode 2 - Bugs and Barometers
  Episode 3 - Time and Transmitters
  Episode 4 - Feel the Heat



Series 3: New Zealand
Amid spectacular glaciers, the same team as series 2 were set the challenge
of finding enough gold to make a piece of jewelery, with four of the six
programmes dedicated almost entirely toward this goal (including a search
for "buried treasure"!).

  Episode 3 - Quakers
  Episode 4 - Ice
  Episode 5 - Treasure Hunt
  Episode 6 - The Big Smelt



Series 4: The Death Valley
The series begins with our team of Five Rough Scientists making a dramatic helicopter arrival at their new base - an abandoned silver mine on the edge of Death Valley in the United States. Kate introduces the theme of the series; it's going to be all about space exploration! Each week they will pit their improvisational science skills against a different set of space related challenges.

  Episode 1 - Rover
  Episode 2 - Communication
  Episode 3 - Spacesuit
  Episode 4 - Impact
  Episode 5 - Aerial Surveyor
  Episode 6 - Rocket



Series 5: Zanzibar
Science challenge series introduced by Kate Humble. She takes four intrepid 
scientists to the tropical island of Zanzibar to test their wits and ingenuity 
against the Indian Ocean. Frustration builds as the scientists struggle to 
complete a set of marine challenges without the help of modern technology.

  Episode 1 - Shipwrecked
  Episode 2 - Lost at Sea
  Episode 3 - Call of the Wild
  Episode 4 - The Lighthouse
  Episode 5 - The Reef
  Episode 6 - Beneath the Waves
