
The truth is, I?m really not a science guy.  I mean, I?m interested in it but I?m not some ?climate change? groupie who watches the Weather Channel for fun?it?s not my pet project and I don?t talk about it over dinner with friends.  But here?s what I am passionate about?getting at the truth?peeling away the layers of hypocrisy and letting the best information available inform, educate and enlighten me.  And on the issue of global warming, that hasn?t been happening.

On my TV show, I?ve been telling people to watch this special because ?there are two sides to every debate.?  Now that I think about it, that?s a lie.  The truth is, there are at least two sides to every debate?probably as many sides and points of view as there are informed, articulate people engaged in the debate.  It?s a big world out there and even the simple, everyday things are complicated, let alone incredibly complex, nuanced areas of science and climatology that lie at the heart of the global warming issue.

For too long, Al Gore and his film have been preaching one way of thinking about this issue and if you don?t agree, you?re classified as someone who can?t face up to the ?truth?? cast aside as an evil enemy of the Earth?no better than a Holocaust denier.  That?s exactly what inspired me to get involved in this issue?when science and those who study it refuse to face a challenge to their findings, they abandon rational thought and wrap themselves in tunnel-visioned dogma.  Not only is that intellectually dishonest, but it?s anti-science and anti-American.  An acceptance and encouragement of diversity of thought is at the very foundation of the way we live.  I would have hoped that a guy like Al, you know, who used to want to be president (and probably will want to again) would know that.

So I hope you watch the show and make up your own mind?I don?t want you to blindly agree with me any more than Al Gore or anybody else.  Issues affecting our planet are a big deal.  But thinking for yourself and not letting anyone?no matter how white their lab coat?scare you into believing them is just as big.