Fantastic Flame Screensaver + keygen.


What is it - Fantastic Flame Screensaver?


This award-winning screensaver generates a realistic fire effect. The flame is sensitive to the background
so each item on your desktop - including icons and all open windows - will appear to catch on fire, glowing and 
emitting a smoke effect. 



Features of the screensaver




True mathematical algorithm of the screensaver generates a very realistic real-time fire effects. 
Unlimited number of color combinations of the fire. Really FANTASTIC flame! Additional fire parameters such as 
wind gust speed and direction and burning intensity. 
Flexible presets system. A lot of ready fire styles comes included. 
The screensaver includes a comfortable fire effects editor with a real-time flame preview. 
'Random' fire style. You never get tired of watching! 
Lots of awesome fire backgrounds! 
Changing the flame styles and background images periodically in the full-screen mode. A pretty fine effect - burning images 
to another ones! 
Nice fire sound. There are 9 different fire sounds to choose from. Be aware! Your guests can think 
you have a big camp fire in your house! (Of course, you're able to mute the sound!). 
Ability to choose any music for playing while the screensaver is running full-screen. 
Listen your favorite music with the sound of fire in the background! Just watch and relax! 
Some music titles come included. 
You can take snapshots of your burning desktop anytime. Get fire screenshots with one key press! 
Controlling the screensaver in the full-screen mode. Turning fire sound and music on/off, loading next 
flame styles and backgrounds, and even changing the fire intensity and wind direction available! 
Full dual monitor support. Danger! Fire around! 
A special feature which allows to launch Fantastic Flame Screensaver anytime you want by pressing a hotkey. 
Let's scare your friend! And at last, Fantastic Flame Screensaver loads your system less than most of animated 3D screensavers.