Permaculture Related - Agroforestry Practices

Specs for all vids
Video codec: DivX5
Resolution: 720x480
Frame rate: 29
Audio codec: mp3
Audio bitrate: 192

Learn from successful examples of agroforestry how to increase short-term income while achieving long-term land stewardship benefits! The University of Missouri Center for Agroforestry offers a DVD integrating the five agroforestry practices of alley cropping, windbreaks, riparian forest buffers, silvopasture and forest farming. Each agroforestry practice features individual landowner examples for easy viewing.

* Riparian forest buffers
Riparian forest buffers are natural or re-established streamside forests made up of tree, shrub and grass plantings. They buffer non-point source pollution of waterways from adjacent land, reduce streambank erosion, protect aquatic environments and enhance wildlife. Learn the basics of establishing a riparian buffer practice and how profitable products, like decorative woody florals, can be implemented into the buffer.

* Alley cropping
In alley cropping, an agricultural crop is grown simultaneously with a long-term tree crop to provide annual income while the tree crop matures. Fine hardwoods like walnut, oak, ash and pecan are favored species in alley cropping systems and can potentially provide high value lumber or veneer logs. Learn how nut crops can be another intermediate product and see examples of successful alley cropping practices.

* Silvopasture
Silvopasture is the intentional combination of trees, forage and livestock managed as a single practice. In this segment, see examples of profitable silvopasture practices, including cattle with pecans. Considerations for establishing a successful silvopasture practice are also offered.

* Windbreaks
Windbreaks are planned and managed as part of a crop and/or livestock operation to enhance production, protect livestock and control soil erosion. The beneficial interactions of windbreaks upon crops and cattle are presented in this segment.

* Forest farming
In a forest farming practice, high-value specialty crops are grown under the protection of a managed forest canopy that has been modified to provide the correct shade level. The practice also includes the production of non-timber forest products for specialty markets. In this segment, examples of successful forest farming operations, including shiitake mushrooms, pine straw, woodland wildflowers, medicinal plants and high value wood blanks are presented, along with tips for marketing forest farming products.
