Channel 4 Dispatches - Supermarket Secrets
Air Date: Thursday 28th July 2005
Duration: 1 hour.

How and what we eat has radically changed over the past few decades with the 
all-consuming rise of the supermarket. But what price are we paying for the 
homogenised, cheap and convenient food in which supermarkets specialise? In a 
two-part programme, journalist Jane Moore investigates how supermarkets have 
affected the food on our plates and uncovers the information shoppers need to 
know. Using a combination of undercover filming and scientific analysis, 
Supermarket Secrets investigates whether the food on supermarket shelves is 
really as good as it looks, whether prices are as good as they seem and what 
happens behind the scenes in the production of supermarket food.

The first of the two programme features secret filming which uncovers the horrific conditions inside a chicken broiler house preparing chickens for a company which supplies all the major supermarkets. One study carried out by a professor from Cambridge University revealed that 82% of chickens bought in supermarkets had hockburns ? a tell-tale sign of poor animal welfare caused by sitting in litter. Jane Moore shows how to examine chickens for hockburns.

The programme also examines why chickens nowadays have more fat and less protein and why it is vitally important to read the ingredients lists on healthy option meals. Also, top chef Raymond Blanc puts some supermarket 'ready meals' to the taste test.

Programme two meets the organic potato farmer who feeds much of his crop to his cows because, he says, the supermarkets deem his produce to be insufficiently cosmetically pleasing. The film also hears from a toxicologist about the levels of pesticide residues in supermarket fresh produce; reveals how dairy cattle are now factory farmed and why packaged fruit and vegetables from your local supermarket may be more expensive that you think ? and not as good for you. 

With contributions from leading experts including Joanna Blythman, Professor Tim Lang, Dr Vyvyan Howard and Felicity Lawrence.