I know why you clicked on this torrent.. you couldn't resist after seeing the word incest, could you?  Bunch of perverts! :)

There's no explicit sex or anything like that in this movie...so if that's what you're looking for, you'll be disappointed.  This is a quirky, offbeat, dark comedy about an incestuous pair of twins with some witty and snappy dialogue and a totally off-kilter sensibility.   If you like quirky and offbeat films, you'll enjoy this.  And best of all, this has Parker Posey, the Queen of Offbeat Indie films - she is fantastic here, and does a great job of playing a more than slightly deranged sister who is obsessed and infatuated with her twin brother.  

Don't be alarmed by the fact that this movie also has Freddie Prinze Jr., the king of sappy, mediocre films for teeny-boppers.  He is playing a part in here that he was born for - a slow-witted, and perhaps mildly retarded fool.  Also don't be alarmed that this has Tori Spelling, untalented whore and posterchild for nepotism (or is that Paris Hilton.. I get confused with these blond tarts).   She is also surprisingly tolerable here, playing the naive, small-town fiancee of Parker Posey's twin brother.  

Anyway.. enjoy.  Oh, and one more thing.  This isn't my rip.  There seems to be a slight audio/video synch problem near the beginning of the film.  I have no idea if the problem is with my PC and codecs or if it is with the file itself - I have an old PC and use an older version of ffdshow and I know it gives me synch problems with other movies too.  Anyway, I was able to easily resolve the synch problem by simply rewinding the movie slightly in my media player after the synch problem and everything was fine after that - no problems whatsoever after that.  I think the problem is probably with my machine and codecs.. leave a comment if you encounter any problems playing the movie.   In any case, it should easily be resolved if you do what I did.

IMDB:  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0119324/

Plot Summary from IMDB:

Marty, (Josh Hamilton) a college student in New York, decides to pay his family a visit in their ancient and imposing house in D.C. He makes two mistakes, one is bringing his fiance, Lesly (Tori Spelling) with him, and the other is coming at all. As soon as he gets home things begin to go wrong, and although the mother, Mrs. Pascal (Geneviève Bujold) hides the kitchen knives, she isn't able to prevent disaster. It soon becomes clear that Marty and his sister, the unbalanced Jackie-O (Parker Posey) are just a little too affectionate towards each other, and everything untoward that could happen, does, in this unusual comedy about a house where the word "no" is never heard.

Summary written by henry j. mason {masonman@mindless.com}

codec: XviD
language:  English, no subs
res:  672x368