The first of Stephen Chow's 'Fist of Fury 1991' in Dual Mono Cantonese/Mandarin (No Subs)

 Directed by:                                                                
                                                                              
  Chung-Sing Choh                                                             
  Wei Lo                                                                      
                                                                             
                                                                              
  Plot summary:                                                               
                                                                              
  Sing, a Chinese immigrant, and Siu, a thief, meet by accident. In order to  
  win the million award of the World's Free Fight Competition, they join hands
  to identify a good Kung Fu teacher. During the process, they have joint the 
  gangsters by mistake and have become students of the successor of Ching Mu 
  Mun but are later framed to be exiled. Finally, they meet four retired    
  Kung Fu teachers. With their support, Sing establishes the New Ching Mu    
  Mun and enters the final of the Free Fight Competition. On the eve of the  
  final competition, Sing is framed to have killed the successor Ching Mu    
  Mun. He steps on the stage with a heavy heart...                           
                                                                              
                                                                              
  Credited cast:                                                              
                                                                              
  Kenny Bee ....  Smart                                                       
  Danny Chan Bak-Keung ....  Cameo appearance                                 
  Jing Chen ....  Brother Leung                                               
  Man Cheung ....  Mandy                                                      
  Stephen Chow ....  Lau Ching (Saint of the Gamblers)                        
  Chi Chun Ha ....  Flutty Ping                                               
  Jeffrey Lau ....  Cameo appearance                                          
  Man Tat Ng ....  Blackie Tat                                                
  Fui-On Shing ....  Master Chiu Tung                                         
  Josephine Siao ....  Cameo appearance                                       
  Po Tai ....  Cameo appearance                                               
  Vincent Wang ....  Cheng Wai                                                
  Fung Woo ....  Teacher with Glasses                                         
  Corey Yuen ....  Cameo appearance                                           
  Tak Yuen ....  Loan shark                                                   



asiantorrents
