NTSC
ENGLISH
100% RETAIL


LINK:
http://www.xbox.com/en-us/espnnba2k5/default.htm?level1=enusgames&level2=catalog&level3=espnnba2k5



To dominate in The Association, NBA players must constantly reinvent and evolve their game.  Re-introducing the King of the Court:  ESPN NBA 2K5.  It will change the way you experience hoops, with stunning new graphics and gameplay never before seen in a sports videogame.  Let the next movement begin.



Features  
 
 Full Authority? ? A bold new advancement in simulating games for your franchise featuring a dynamic coaching system that enables you to dictate player match-ups and alter coaching strategies while full motion replays bring the in-game events to life. 
The Association ? The new benchmark in Franchise gameplay featuring new simulation models and management of key team attributes including weekly training, player personalities, and team chemistry bringing an entirely new level of control to your NBA franchise. 
Enhanced 24/7 mode ? All new unlockables along with the innovative Respect system add some new flava as you work your way to the top of the streetball kingdom. 
Play on Xbox Live ? ESPN Videogames once again sets the standard for the online NBA experience. NBA 2K5 includes online leagues, tournaments, and an advanced messaging system coupled with a buddy list that lets you keep in touch with your opponents at any time. 
Iso-Motion ? Enhanced and intuitive Iso-Motion controls allow you to execute all your ankle-breaking moves with more precision than ever. 
Improved Player Creation ? Design your player exactly the way you want him. Custom-design his kicks to give him his own court style. 
ESPN Presentation ? Featuring new cut scenes and visuals, as well as new studio and color commentary featuring Bill Walton and Bob Fitzgerald!" 
Get roster updates on Xbox Live: Download roster updates to stay on top of your game.
 
 
 
 Game Information  
 

Publisher
SEGA® 

Developer
Visual Concepts 

Street Date
September 2004 

Price
$19.99 

 
Rating
Everyone

 Players 1-4 
  230 Memory Unit Blocks 
  Custom Soundtracks 
  In-game Dolby® Digital 
  HDTV 480p 
  Content Download 
  Online Multiplayer 
  Voice 
  Friends 
  Scoreboard 

 
 
 
