
    from the sky we will      
    rise and we will        
    conquer as we did so      
    many times before, we        
    will show the spirit        
    of ...                    
        E M B R A C E      
                        
                    embrace proudly presents...    
                                                                
                                            Ahead Nero v7.2.3.2b    
                                                        (c) Ahead      
                                                                    
    supplier.: TEAM EMBRACE  date.......: 26, jun 2oo6        
cracker..: TEAM EMBRACE  size.......: 26 disks/5.00 MB  
    tester...: TEAM EMBRACE  OS.........: WinAll          
packer...: TEAM EMBRACE  language...: English          
                            type.......: Burning          
                            protection.: Custom            
                                release....:        
      
  [ PROGRAM INFO ]  
      
                      
                                        
                                                      
                                                      
                                                    
                                                      
  Nero  7  Premium  enables  you  to  experience  your  
    digital media in completely new and innovative ways.  
        With  the  addition  of a Nero Home - media manager,    
    you  can now have the complete PC and TV experience.  
    Whether you want to access your media files from the    
    comfort  of  your  living  room, or complete digital    
      media projects on your PC, Nero 7 Premium is all you    
      need.                                                  
                                                                  
          Now,  with  more  features  than  ever  before, this    
      powerful  software can transform your digital photos  
    into professional animated slideshows, backup all of    
      your  valuable  data,  manage  or  search your media    
    files,  edit video or photos, create DVDs (including    
      menus),  and  stream your files over a media server,    
      and  compress files to take on the go. Beginners and  
          experts  alike  will  be amazed by what one solution    
          can do. Really, it's that good.                      
                                                              
                                                                
      Your own personal Hollywood movie studio.                  
                                                              
      If  you've  ever wanted to turn your old home videos    
      into Hollywood quality movies, you now can with Nero  
          7 Premium - among many other digital media projects:    
          create  your  own  professional DVDs, compose beats,    
      edit  videos with transitions and menus, compress to  
    various profiles (Mobile, Portable, Standard, Cinema    
      and HDTV), burn a CD/DVD, design CD labels, and much    
    more.  These  are  just some of the ways that Nero 7    
      Premium can help you explore your creative side.        
                                                                
                                                                  
          Save and Restore with BackItUp 2.                    
                                                              
    Backup  your  entire  system  up  on  spanning  over    
      several  CDs/DVDs, schedule an automatic backup with    
    Job  Scheduler,  drag and drop the files you want to    
      save, create an FTP backup, or password protect your    
      data.  Whichever  you choose, Nero 7 makes sure that  
          your important files stay right where you need them.    
                                                                  
                                                              
    Make your memories last a lifetime-and then some!        
                                                                  
    The days of storing your photos in huge, heavy photo    
      albums are over. With Nero 7 Premium, you can store,    
      manage  and  edit  all  of  your digital photos with  
          ease.  In addition to that, you can turn your photos    
        and  videos  into  slideshows,  add  transitions and    
        music,  burn  them  to  DVD,  and  then give them to    
        friends and family to watch on their DVD players.        
  
                        
  [ RELEASE INFO ]  
                                  
                        
  [    NEWS    ]  
      
                      
                                        
                                                      
        5000 releases and still going strong!        
                                                    
                                                      
                                                              
EMBRACE  has  been around since october 2000, and most 
    of  its members for much longer. We exist to serve the  
      scene  with  quality  releases,  and to help the scene    
      maintain  some vestige of its former self.                  
                                                                  
        5000 fully working releases, and we're still dedicated    
        to what  we do best,  bringing u  quality keygens,  in  
      style! We've been around for over 6 years now,  and we  
      aren't planning on leaving anytime soon.              
                                                              
      Times have changed since we  first started doing this,    
      and so have we,  but we're still here.  It is however,      
    time that  the scene  itself starts  embracing some of    
      this change aswell,  instead of  dwelling on the past.    
        Because of this,  we would like to ask  all our fellow  
      sceners to consider the following:                    
                                                                    
          STOP FLOODING OUR SITES WITH CRAP!    We have enforced    
          a 1-month MU  rule on our  own releases,  and we would    
          like  YOU  to follow our  lead.  Everyone is  tired of    
          releasing/testing/trading  the same releases over  and    
          over again, and it's up to *us*  to change this. There    
          are plenty of uncracked, useful applications out there,  
          begging for some attention.  So stop wasting your time    
          on crap just because it updates a lot and it serves in    
          boosting  the number of  releases your group does.  We    
          know  that we've done  similar things in the past,  as    
          most groups, but this doesnt dismiss the truth in this    
          message, its never too late to change.                    
                                                                    
          In  light of  this same issue,  we would also  like to    
          encourage  everyone to  TEST  your  releases! We spend    
          *a lot* of time to make sure everything we pre  WORKS,    
          and so should you! Remember, *WE* ARE the SCENE and we    
          SHOULD enforce some standards on ourselves!              
                                                                    
          You don't agree?  Fine,  we'll keep doing what we feel    
          is  right anyway,  and the  end-user  can continue  to    
          expect quality over quantity from us.                    
                                                                    
          As a final note,  I would like  to send out  greetings    
          to all our  past and present  members for  making this    
          group of ours what it is. I love you all!                
                                                                    
                              -(e)-                              
          "once you've tried it, you'll never want anything else"  
                                                                    
            EMBRACE does this for fun, not for profit.          
                                                                    
  
  [    DISCLAIMER    ]  
    
                                                  
                                                            
    EMBRACE,  nor its members,  can be held  responsible  
        for anything they release.  If it is illegal in your    
  country (as it is in most), you  ARE NOT ALLOWED  to  
  use it, under any circumstances. We are in the scene  
    for the fun,  NOT to harm software developers.  Good  
    software deserves your respect, go buy it!            
                                                            
                                                            
        Our  software is released "as is".  We are in no way    
  to be blamed for anything that happens to your pc if  
you use this.  The author here by  disclaims all the  
      warranties  related to  this software,  expresed  or      
  implid, including damage to hardware/software and/or  
      any date from the user of this product.              
                                                          
        Your use of this product  assumes that you have read      
  and accepted this disclaimer.                          
  
                                                    
                  Greetings to                    
                                                              
              SSG TMG ECLiPSE ZWT AGAiN SHOCK LND        
                                                                
            CAFE DAMN TNO iTR BAT ADDICTION dFs          
                                                                
              ... and all our old members ...            
                                                              
                  
      [    CONTACT US    ]  
    
      Contact us                                  
                                                            
        E-MAIL: NOT/NEVER AVAILABLE        
            IRC : NOT/NEVER AVAILABLE              
          WWW : NOT/NEVER AVAILABLE        
                                                  
                                                                
            don't try to contact us, if we need you          
                      we will contact you.              
                                                            
    
                    NFO last updated 02 jun 2006  
                    Created by tross / cRo  
