FLAC files + CUE sheet + covers
Released in Sep 24, 2007.


Track listing:
1. Read My Mind - The Killers (PSB Stars Are Blazing Mix)
2. Hallo Spaceboy - David Bowie & Pet Shop Boys (PSB Extended Mix)
3. ntegral - Pet Shop Boys (PSB Perfect Immaculate Mix)
4. Walking on Thin Ice - Yoko Ono (PSB Electro Mix)
5. Sorry - Madonna (PSB Maxi-mix)
6. Hooked On Radiation -Atomizer (PSB Orange Alert Mix)
7. Mein Teil -Rammstein (PSB There Are No Guitars On This Mix)
8. I'm With Stupid -Pet Shop Boys (PSB Maxi-mix)


Review from Release magazine:
Neil Tennant and Chris Lowe are here with the fourth incarnation in the "Disco" series where they collect remixes and unreleased tracks to create a new album. I really liked "Disco 3" and therefore had expectations on this album. The concept is a bit different this time around as "Disco 4" is a collection of remixes the Pet Shop Boys has done for other artists. So instead of a new PSB album this CD contains The Killers, Madonna, Rammstein, Yoko Ono and Atomizer together with three PSB songs (including their old collaboration with David Bowie in "Hello Spaceboy").

However, this album still pretty much feels like another Pet Shop Boys album as they are very good at adding their own sound and feeling to each song. Instead of remixes, they more feel like covers and sometimes there aren?t a lot of the original sounds left at all. You best example is Rammstein's ?Mein Teil?; as you can guess from the name, the ?PSB there are no guitars on this mix? is completely stripped from guitars and here a new, more electronic Rammstein is presented.

You can always tell when Pet Shop Boys has been involved on a song; regardless if they have written, performed, produced or remixed a song they always add that secret electro/disco/pop formula they have almost tweaked into perfection over the years. You know what you get, which I suppose is a bit boring and if you are new to the band; this sure isn?t the best album to begin with. But if you are a fan or just looking for a new album that will keep you dancing, this is a much recommended purchase.


Enjoy! 