Active WebCam captures images up to 30 frames per second from any video device including USB, analog cameras, TV-boards, camcorders, and from network IP cameras.

The program performs simultaneous recording and broadcasting from unlimited number of cameras.

Key Features:

Works with all USB and Parallel Port cameras, Windows compatible Capture Devices and Framegrabbers, TV-boards, and with Network IP Cameras.

Broadcasts live MPEG-4 video and MP3 audio up to 30 frames per second.

Multiple cameras support. Simultaneous recording and broadcasting from unlimited number of cameras.

Dynamic IP Service, that gives a permanent internet address to your web camera whenever IP of your computer changes.

Time stamps captured video.

Broadcasts audio.

Supports Encrypted Transmission.

Records password protected video clips.

Performs Live Recording that allows rewind and playback captured content at any time.

Has features to control camera's Pan, Tilt, and Zoom.

Helps you to create web page for your web camera.

Records video when a motion is detected.

Allows to view recorded video remotely.

Sends e-mail and SMS when motion detected.

Runs a program when a motion is detected.

Allows to define the active area for motion detection.

Creates thumbnails from captured images.

Has a comprehensive scheduler.

Checks the available space on hard drive and stops recording if there is no available space.

User name and password to control access to your camera and recorded videos from Internet.

Has feature to limit number of camera viewers.

Stealth mode makes the program completely invisible that it doesn't display any icon in the sys tool tray and it is not presented in the task bar tray.

Password protection from unauthorized usage.

Ability to run the program as Windows service that the program starts automatically at system boot and executes even when no user is logged on to the system.

System Requirements:

  - Intel Pentium 2 GHz or better
  - Microsoft Windows 2000, XP, 2003, Vista 32bit
  - 256MB RAM (512 MB recommended)
  - 1 GB hard disk space
  - Color monitor
  - Mouse or other pointing device