

The One Eyed Dude

delivers you with


:. title .:

..::  Starsky and Hutch! -.direct.play.rip.- English only ::..



:. Ripped .: 

quite a few bytes, nuthing special!



:. About .:

Following the style of the TV show the game won't just simply
be another driver/shooter. In each level you'll have to maintain 
viewer ratings (VR) that acts like a timer. 
Saunter around Bay City carefully obeying the speed limit and people 
will switch off with boredom; reproduce the over the top driving of the 
cult duo performing corner slides and ploughing through every cardboard
box infested alley that gets in the way and your ratings will soar.

And we wouldn't like to break up the partnership so although the game 
can be played in standard one player mode controlling both the driving
and the shooting both versions will allow a friend to pick up the controller 
(light gun support for PlayStation 2) and blast away while you put the pedal 
to the metal downtown. But if you are Johnny no mates then an AI Starsky 
will pop up during the action to give you advice and generally hurl abuse at 
the crims.

* Based on the successful 1970's TV show.
* 15 square miles with over 150 miles of road of Bay City to explore.
* Advance real-time car and environmental physics.
* A host of vehicles to unlock and six weapons to wield against the perps.
* Voice over from Antonio Fargas, the ultra cool Huggy Bear.
* PlayStation┬« 2 version will support light gun controller.
* 18 episodes (levels) spread over three series.
* Unlockable extras in every episode to maximise the replayability.



:. screenshots .: 
 
http://www.tothegame.com/screenshot.asp?id=209



:. Install .:

1.: Unrar with latest winrar and double click > pureToeD.exe < (must be done)
2.: double click on > Starsky.exe < to start the game!.
2.: enjoy!




Special Info Note:

Some virus-scanner recognize the header of packed exe's (pureToeD.exe)

as a lame virus, (coz it's the mostly byte by byte check error of 'em!.)

This is truly a false information!,  a so called false positive, you can read 

more about in your VirusTool-Manual or WebSite!.


