Information:
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Antivirus

The mission of the Antivirus module is to ensure detection and removal of all 
viruses in the wild. BitDefender Antivirus uses robust scan engines, certified 
by ICSA Labs, Virus Bulletin, Checkmark, CheckVir and TÜV.

Heuristics in Virtual Environment
Heuristics in Virtual Environment (HiVE) emulates a virtual 
computer-inside-a-computer where pieces of software are run in order to check 
for potential malware behavior. This BitDefender proprietary technology 
represents a new security layer that keeps the operating system safe from 
unknown viruses by detecting malicious pieces of code for which signatures have 
not been released yet.

Permanent Antivirus Protection
The new and improved BitDefender scanning engines will scan and disinfect 
infected files on access, minimizing data loss. Infected documents can now be 
recovered, instead of being deleted.

Peer-2-Peer Applications Protection
Filters against viruses that spread via instant messaging and file sharing 
software applications.

Innovative Behavior Blocking
Blocks malicious applications based on behavior analysis. The method ensures 
proactive protection against newborn viruses, Trojans, Internet worms and other 
potentially malicious codes. The file system, registry and Internet activity are 
constantly monitored.

Full E-mail Protection
BitDefender runs on the POP3/SMTP protocol level, filtering incoming and 
outgoing e-mail messages, regardless of the e-mail client used ( MS Outlook, MS 
Outlook Express, Netscape, Eudora, Pegasus, The Bat, etc.), without any 
additional configuration.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Firewall

The firewall module protects your data and your privacy by filtering the 
incoming and outgoing traffic, controlling cookies, blocking malicious scripts 
and ?XXX-dialer? type programs.

Internet Traffic Control
Define exactly which incoming or outgoing connections to permit/deny. Define 
rules regarding specific protocols, ports, applications and/or remote addresses.

Active Content Control
Proactively blocks any potentially malicious application such as: ActiveX, Java 
Applets or Java Scripts type codes.

Dial Control
A configurable anti-dialer prevents malicious applications from running up a 
huge telephone bill at your expense.

Cookie Control
The firewall filters incoming and outgoing cookie type files, keeping your 
identity and preferences confidential when you're browsing the Internet.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Antispam

Quite simply put, the BitDefender antispam module deals with the problem of 
spam, so you don't have to.

Anti-Phishing
Stay clear of malicious e-mails trying to trick you into giving away your bank 
account info with BitDefender's new phishing detector.

Self-learning Bayesian Filter
The advanced, self-learning Bayesian filter lets you classify messages as "Spam" 
or "Ham", with a single click in the BitDefender antispam toolbar. The filter 
will learn after just a few iterations, and you'll find yourself having to make 
fewer and fewer decisions as time goes by. Each tag you assign will improve the 
filter's accuracy. Your filter sensitivity settings can be as high or as low as 
you like.

Heuristic, URL, White List/Blacklist, Charset and Image Filters
Five types of filters further refine your control over e-mail. The heuristic 
filter checks mail for characteristics of spam. The White List/Blacklist filter 
will reject mail from known spammer addresses and let your friends' mail 
through, the URL filter blocks mail containing malicious links while the charset 
filter blocks mail written with ?strange? characters. The image filter can 
decide whether images embedded in e-mails are specific to spam.

Hassle-Free
You'll only be notified of the arrival of legitimate messages. Spam will collect 
silently in your "Junk" folder, to be examined or discarded at your leisure.

Compatibility and Outlook(tm) integration
BitDefender antispam is compatible with all e-mail clients. The BitDefender 
antispam toolbar in Microsoft Outlook and Outlook Express allows users to filter 
mail and contacts without exiting Outlook.

