Mac OS 8.6 United States English, 
generic (retail) version



What is this?
The file contains the RAR-ed, meaning packed with RAR,
version of a Mac OS 8.6 US ISO image. The ISO is packed
to lessen the time needed to downloading it. The packed
file is 246MB smaller than the raw ISO. Before you can 
do anything with it you need to unpack it. If you don't
have a suitable unpacker on your system, google for one.
The ISO file was packed with WinRAR on an XP system and
needs no password. When unpacked, the ISO is 701MB.


What's it for?
The Mac OS 8.6 ISO file is the "mold" for creating one or
several instances of physical Mac OS 8.6 CDs. The physical
CD can be used for booting up and installing the OS to many 
older Macintosh computer models. Use your favourite burning
application or download one from the Internet. Please note
that you CANNOT use a rewritable CD for this if you want it
to boot on most older Macintoshes! You do not need to burn
the ISO image on a Mac. The ISO standard describes a CD bit
by bit and the burning system doesn't need to "understand"
what's on the CD. Like a photocopier.


Why? Whyyyyy?
This is a silly question one often sees when older software
is concerned. Just because there are Leopards and Vistas out
there doesn't mean all else is worthless. Relax and have some
fun. If the shoe doesn't fit, don't wear it.


How do I use it?
On a Macintosh you boot from CD by holding down the "C" key
on the keyboard. The Mac OS CD of course must be in the drive.
The Mac will also boot from the CD if there's no system on 
the hard disk. All Mac OS CDs are "live" CDs. A limited 
live system booted from the CD will allow you to format a hard
drive and install a "real", complete OS from it onto the hard
drive. The Mac OS 8.6 installation script is a bit odd, it
requres you to first double click on the generic OS installation
icon and then it asks you what hardware it is on. If you double
click on the hardware specific script directly it will return
an error.


Why 8.6 and not something better?
The Mac OS 8.6 will install on some Macintosh models than 
Mac OS 9.x wont. Also, some Macintoshes, like early CRT iMacs,
will refuse to install Mac OS 9.x unless you upgrade their 
firmware. You can't do this from Mac OS 9.x but can instead
use Mac OS 8.6. The necessary firmware files are all on the CD.
Besides, I only have 8.6 in US English. My other Mac OSes are
all in Swedish.


Is it for my Macintosh model?
Go to this Apple URL and see for yourself:


What else?
An OS isn't much fun by itself. The empty space of the original
CD has been filled with an assortment of system enhancements
and other software, like Internet browsers and word processors.

Here's a list of that extra material:

Acrobat Reader 
Fetch 
iCab  
Internet Explorer
Outlook Express
Netscape 7
OS9VNC
Dave
Adobe Type Reunion
Adobe Type Manager
FontBook
TypeStyler
A-Dock
Kaleidoscope + Aquamakeover
Dominoes (a game)
Captura
Goldberg
Graphic Converter
File Pirate
File Buddy
HexEdit
ResEdit
TattleTech
TechTool Lite
iTunes
QuickTime
RealPlayer
SoundApp
Windows Media Player (for Mac obviously)
Adobe Photoshop 6
Dreamweaver
Mariner Write + Calc
StuffIt (packer)
CarbonLib 1.6
Java 2.2.6
Joliet Volume Access
SwitchRes
Toast 5
EjectDisk
Mt Everything
PCalc

The versions are the latest supported on OS 8.6 or just latest.
Most will require that CarbonLib 1.6 is installed beforehand.
Most are also packed in the .sit format, which means you'll
need to install StuffIt. Install it in the same directory where
the older version is installed and then erase the older version,
else the system will use the older version by default.
The same goes for Internet Explorer, Outlook Express and Netscape.
All the applications on this ISO will work nicely with
Mac OS 9.x as well.

Some of these files, like the Aquamakeover Jaguar theme, can't
be found on the Internet anymore. 

If you don't know what a program is about, google for it.


What's the use?
Older systems can still be useful for productive work. This ISO
contains pretty much everything a small home office could ask for.
It is a tribute to all dumpster divers and hardware hamsters out there.


How long will it be seeded?
A very short time by me. This weekend only. Don't ask why.
You guys will have to keep up the seed or reseed it at some other
date.


What now?
This description will self-destruct in five seconds.
No, seriously, download it or don't, that's all.



Mac OS 9.2.1 US English is now uploaded.







