TTC - The Teaching Company

Where do we come from? How did our ancestors settle this planet? 
How did the great historic civilizations of the world develop? 
How does a past so shadowy that it has to be painstakingly 
reconstructed from fragmentary, largely unwritten records nonetheless 
make us who and what we are?

This course brings you the answers that the latest scientific and 
archaeological research and theorizing suggest about human origins, 
how populations developed, and the ways in which civilizations spread 
throughout the globe.

It is a narrative of the story of human origins and the many ties that 
still bind us deeply to the world before writing.

Your professor is Brian M. Fagan, Ph.D., Professor of Anthropology at 
the University of California at Santa Barbara. Professor Fagan was a 
Guggenheim Fellow in 1973 and has received numerous awards, among them 
the Public Service Award of the Society of Professional Archaeologists 
and the Public Education Award of the Society for American Archaeology. 
He received a Distinguished Teaching Award from the University of 
California at Santa Barbara. His excavations have made him a pioneer of 
multidisciplinary African history.

Dr. Fagan's numerous books include People of the Earth and In the 
Beginning, two widely used university and college textbooks in 
archaeology and prehistory. His other works include The Rape of the 
Nile, The Adventure of Archaeology, Time Detectives, and The Little Ice 
Age. He also edited The Oxford Companion to Archaeology. Professor Fagan 
was born and educated in Britain and speaks with a British accent.

AudioFile┬« magazine writes about Dr. Fagan: "Vibrant and dynamic. It's 
easy to hear why he has been lauded by faculty and students at The 
University of California, Santa Barbara, for his teaching and academic 
excellence since 1967." 

  1.   Introducing Human Prehistory
  2. In the Beginning
  3. Our Earliest Ancestors
  4. The First Human Diaspora
  5. The First Europeans
  6. The Neanderthals
  7. The Origins of Homo sapiens sapiens
  8. The Great Diaspora
  9. The World of the Cro-Magnons
 10. Artists and Mammoth Hunters
 11. The First Americans
 12. The Paleo-Indians and Afterward
 13. After the Ice Age
 14. The First Farmers
 15. Why Farming?
 16. The First European Farmers
 17. Farming in Asia and Settling the Pacific
 18. The Story of Maize
 19. The Origins of States and Civilization
 20. Sumerian Civilization
 21. Ancient Egyptian Civilization to the Old Kingdom
 22. Ancient Egypt?Middle and New Kingdoms
 23. The Minoan Civilization of Crete
 24. The Eastern Mediterranean World
 25. The Harappan Civilization of South Asia
 26. South and Southeast Asia
 27. Africa?A World of Interconnectedness
 28. The Origins of Chinese Civilization
 29. China?Zhou to the Han
 30. Southeast Asian Civilizations
 31. Pueblos and Moundbuilders in North America
 32. Ancient Maya Civilization
 33. Highland Mesoamerican Civilization
 34. The Origins of Andean Civilization
 35. The Inka and Their Predecessors
 36. Epilogue


More related stuff: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/BhangWalla