Torrent Name: JELLYFISH - BEST! (2006) @320K
Uploader: valleyblue
Added On: 3 Aug 2007
Genre: Rock

Jellyfish seemingly had all the right ingredients for success ? catchy, melodic pop songs squarely in the Beatles/Squeeze mold, plus strong kitsch appeal in its retro sound and wildly colorful, clashing wardrobe. Founding members Andy Sturmer (drums, vocals) and Roger Manning (keyboards) previously played in the pop/rock quartet Beatnik Beatch; after that group called it quits, the Jellyfish lineup was rounded out with guitarist Jason Falkner and bassist Chris Manning, brother of Roger. Bellybutton, the group's well-received 1990 debut, produced a minor chart single in "Baby's Coming Back," but nothing made a major impact. The follow-up, Spilt Milk, followed the same style, adding more intricate arrangements and harmonies. Despite it being another stellar collection of tasty power pop, the album failed to live up to lofty expectations, and the band split up after an ensuing supporting tour wrapped up. 

In the wake of their breakup, the former bandmembers turned up on different projects ? including former bassist Tim Smith's outfit the Umajets, a pair of bands that include Roger Manning, Imperial Drag, and the Moog Cookbook, while Jason Falkner has issued a pair of critically acclaimed solo releases, very much in the style of his former band (Sturmer has appeared to have turned his back on performing and has produced such acts as the Merrymakers and Puffy). Although their career was short, a slew of Jellyfish-influenced bands began to crop up in their wake ? including the aforementioned Merrymakers, Ben Folds Five, the Hutchinsons, and the Excentrics, among others. A 14-track collection of Jellyfish's best-known material (as well as a smattering of rare live tracks) (Greatest) was issued in 1999. 



Track Listing: 1 Joining a Fan Club 
2 The King Is Half Undressed 
3 New Mistake 
4 Now She Knows She's Wrong 
5 Bye, Bye, Bye 
6 Worthless Heart 
7 Baby's Coming Back 
8 He's My Best Friend 
9 All I Want Is Everything 
10 Let 'Em In/That Is Why 
11 No Matter What 
12 Family Tree 
13 The Ghost at Number One 
14 Too Much, Too Little, Too Late 
15 I Wanna Stay Home 
16 Glutton of Sympathy 
17 The Man I Used to Be 
18 Calling Sarah 
19 Ignorance Is Bliss 
20 Think About Your Troubles 

LOVE THIS BAND TOO BITS!! fuck they just had a number one single covered by MC FLY ! what an accolade!! lol!

enjoy and please SEED!!



Bit Rate: <320kbps

Tracker: <a href="http://tpb.tracker.thepiratebay.org/announce" target="_blank">http://tpb.tracker.thepiratebay.org/announce</a>

Sounds Like: beach boys/ rock/pop hybrid with multi harmonies

