Visit my blog http://knuthulu.blogspot.com/ and download more music like this directly

Biography

This early 70?s Norwegian band played together for years without ever releasing an album; that is, until label Record Heaven heard about them in the late 90?s and convinced them to re-record songs they had played live at the time. Thanks to RH, we can now enjoy a collection of highly energetic, raw and aggressive 70?s power rock recorded with pristine modern technology. The band?s material is reminiscent of Black Sabbath, Uriah Heep, early Scorpions and Jethro Tull, albeit a very manic Tull as the flutes battle it out savagely with pounding guitars. Their second album features no less than two flutes, two Mellotrons, electric and acoustic guitars, bass, drums and percussion as well as two vocalists. Their third also contains additional piano, cello, violin, viola, sax, trumpet, trombone and tuba contributed by various guest artists.


Quite impressive, their first effort ?Underground and Beyond? (1997) was yet a mere hint at what the subsequent ?In Anadi?s Bower? and ?Blues From Hellah? held in store. On these two, crunchy guitars, absolutely wild flute and tons of cascading mellotrons give way to meaner-than-snakes guitar riffs bound to send shivers up and down your spine. As for lead vocalist Jon Ruder, he is something of a cross between Ian Anderson and Klaus Meine (Scorpions). Of course, this music isn?t all that innovative or adventurous, but it is delivered with such gusto it?s hard not to love it. Great stuff for fanatics of the bands mentioned above (Sabbath, Jethro, Uriah). ? progarchives.com

Album-review
On this album by Norwegian ?heavy progressive? band Lucifer Was you can hear elements from Jethro Tull (flute) and The Moody Blues (Mellotron) but in general the focus is on harder-edged guitar work. Most of the ten compositions sound pleasant, no more or less. The titletrack delivers a wonderful part featuring the unsurpassed Mellotron (flute like Strawberry Fields Forever) and bluesy, Peter Green inspired guitar play. My highlight is the long Little Child (more than 11 minutes): alternating with halfway the two Mellotrons (played by Knut and Jon-Willy..!) and sensitive electric guitar. In general the guitar is pretty good on this album, the heavy riffs remind me of Black Sabbath but especially the guitar soli are great like fiery in Darkness and wah- wah in My Mind Said Stop. A fine album with some elaborate tracks. ? progarchives.com

Size: 99 MB
Bitrate: HQ Vbr

Tracklist:

1. Behind Black Rider (3:57) 
2. Darkness (5:03) 
3. Blundered in Homes (4:11) 
4. Ship on the Ocean (3:34) 
5. Windows of Time (4:38) 
6. In Anadi's Bower (6:21) 
7. Kill the Rats (4:23) 
8. Legends Waiting (to Appear) (5:51) 
9. Little Child (11:18) 
10. My Mind Said Stop (2:46)


Visit my blog http://knuthulu.blogspot.com/ and download more music like this directly

