LOST - TV Series - 1st Year - FULL DVD RIPS
ALL EPISODES - EXTRAS - EVERYTHING.
DVDs have been edited with programs that remove Macrovision, other protections, and user restriction settings(like the "menu" button will not work until you see all the commercial ;) ). NOTHING ELSE has been edited or removed or anything.

Subs: English, English (hearing impaired), Spanish. Italian, Islenska
Lang: English (original, 5.1), Italian, Spanish

If you have ever download a file i have uploaded, you will know that that's how i work... Either upload full DVD rip, or nothing.

This seed is H-U-G-E (more than 40GBs) so be patient. Don't start complaining it takes too long. I seed it, i know that.

Please, seed all the time, even if you haven't download everything... That way, i don't have to seed parts i have already uploaded. Plain and simple.

For the first time (sorry for that, but well that's good at least for this torrent) i will use DHT network. Use it to. Download the latest version of your Torrent manager, i use bitcomet 0.62, very good one, and i recommend it. if you have another, NO PROBLEM, just seed.

Also for the first time, i use .sfv files in each Dir of the DVDs, for file verification. delete them before burning the files to dvds :D

Last but (certainly) not least, SEED. I will seed this to the end. Just as i did with Transformers, i will seed all the time, until 5 of you have the 100% of the file.

Trackers i will use are thepiratebay.org, torrentbox.com, torrentspy.com, and isohunt. MOST IMPORTANT "TRACKER" for me will be DHT which is stable etc.


Seed!
 
http://play.com/play247.asp?pa=srmr&page=title&r=R2&title=860274

1. Pilot (Part 1)
2. Pilot (Part 2)
3. Tabula Rasa
4. Walkabout
5. White Rabbit
6. House Of The Rising Sun
7. The Moth
8. Confidence Man
9. Solitary
10. Raised By Another
11. All The Best Cowboys Have Daddy Issues
12. Whatever The Case May Be
13. Hearts And Minds
14. Special
15. Homecoming
16. Outlaws
17. ...In Translation
18. Numbers
19. Deus Ex Machina
20. Do No Harm
21. The Greater Good (aka Sides)
22. Born To Run
23. Exodus (Part 1)
24. Exodus (Part 2)
25. Exodus (Part 3) [DVD 4, Part B]


Hope you enjoy this. If you want to contact me mail me at "kinowi at gmail dot com" with subject "Pirate" or else i wont receive your mail due to spam filters.

Next Project: Transformers Full DVD Rip - 1st Year (3dvds)
Ps: Transformers project has been seeded in the past (1st DVD) only, at ?id=3370760? in thepiratebay.org. That seed is not supported by me (after a long seeding period).

You have to delete this file(s) after previewing them. You are not allowed to keep them, or copy them, or burn them for anything more than preview.