_ ?....Dogmatic Christianity has come, dogmatic Christianity will be gone. " Isms" have created nations, " isms " will destroy nations....The millennium will come only when the nations of the earth direct their efforts toward the visions of the  prophets, and make function the teachings of Amos, Isaiah,...and Micah. Only then will the day be ushered in?? - (Chapter I ? Introduction. Page 4-5)

_ ?In general, the peoples of the world will be divided into two main groups, the Israelitic and the non- Israelitic. The  former will be righteous;.....All the other peoples, on the other hand, will be known for their detestable practices,  idolatry, and similar acts of wickedness. They will be destroyed and will disappear from earth before the ushering in of the ideal era. All these unrighteous nations will be called to judgment, before they are punished and doomed?For the really wicked nations, like the wicked individuals, must disappear from earth before an ideal human society of righteous nations can be established....Hence, Israel, and the other righteous nations, will combat the combined forces of the wicked, unrighteous nations?The defeat of the unrighteous will mark the annihilation of the power of the wicked who oppose the Kingdom of God and the establishment of the new ideal era.? - Chapter III ? Israel and The Nations ? Page 37-38 

_ ?Another group of wicked nations, as typified in the traditional Edom and Rome, will suffer the same fate as the first group. Their unrighteousness will be characterized by corrupt governments, and by their oppressions of Israel. These nations will not exist in the ideal era, and their rule will be abolished before the advent of the Messianic age. Allied with these unrighteous nations are those peoples who possess the wicked traits of the traditional Amalekites, Ishmaelites, and Gibeonites. Before the dawn of the new era, their end will come.? - Chapter III ? Israel and The Nations ? Page 36 

_ ?The wicked are to be eliminated from the scene merely because the destiny of humanity is to be guided and controlled by a new army, the army of the righteous. A change of power will have to take place, whereby the righteous will assume the responsibilities of the new state of the affairs of mankind.? - Chapter III ? Israel and The Nations ? Page 39

-------------------------

Above are 4 excerpts from the book "The Jewish Utopia" written by *Rabbi Michael Higger (PhD)* in 1932 (Publisher : The Lord Baltimore press (1932), ASIN: B00086A542).

In his book, "THE JEWISH UTOPIA", Michael Higger vividly explains Jewish Messianic aspirations to rule the whole world as laid out in their religious works such as Talmud and others where Jews are portrayed as "God's Chosen People" who will ultimately enslave and rule over all Gentiles.

Michael Higger shows that ideas of a world-wide utopian community and the comming Messiah are central in the Jewish religion. But to  complete these fantastic prophecies, Jews - scattered all over the world - must first return to the Holy Land and establish a new Israel where their world government will be set up in place.

*Rabbi Michael Higger*, a renowned Talmudic scholar, is mainstream within the judaic circles of usa. So much so that there is a "Dr. Michael Higger Prize in Talmud" : Awarded annually to the first-year student showing the greatest progress in talmudic studies (THE JEWISH THEOLOGICAL SEMINARY ? 3080 BROADWAY, NEW YORK, NY 10027 ? (212) 678-8000) ).

A fascinating 3-hour interview/discussion about WW II is also included in the torrent.

Educating the Goy and the Shiksa...One Torrent at a Time.

==========================

Keywords : dvd islam 911 bbc 9-11 alex jones nwo malcolm x noam chomsky cat stevens yusuf islam empire of faith lone gunmen zionism ted pike bbc pbs iraq documentary jesus bible quran new world order psychology wtc world trade center cia anti-christ the illuminati vietnam september 11