Happy Hacker Industries:presents:BALLS OF FURY.ENGLISH.DVDRIP.XVID 
                                                                              
ReLeaSe         Balls Of Fury                                                 
     TyPe            Comedy                                                   
     LaNGuaGe        English                                                  
     ReLeaSe DaTe    August 29, 2007                                          
WideScreen                                                                    
     auDio           MP3 128Kbps                                              
     CoDeC           XviD                                                     
     FRaMe RaTe      23.976                                                   
     ReSoLuTioN      640 x 352                                                

                    Rogue Pictures(2007). Length : 90min                      


 In the unsanctioned, underground, and unhinged world of extreme Ping-Pong,   
 the competition is brutal and the stakes are deadly. Now, this outrageous    
 new comedy serves up this secret world for the first time on-screen.         
 Down-and-out former professional Ping-Pong phenom Randy Daytona (Dan         
 Fogler) is sucked into this maelstrom when FBI Agent Rodriguez (George       
 Lopez) recruits him for a secret mission. Randy is determined to bounce      
 back and recapture his former glory, and to smoke out his father's (Robert   
 Patrick) killer - one of the FBI's Most Wanted, arch-fiend Feng              
 (Christopher Walken). But, after two decades out of the game, Randy can't    
 turn his life around and avenge his father's murder without a team of his    
 own. He calls upon the spiritual guidance of blind Ping-Pong sage and        
 restaurateur Wong (James Hong), and the training expertise of Master Wong's  
 wildly sexy niece Maggie (Maggie Q), both of whom also have a dark history   
 with Feng. All roads lead to Feng's mysterious jungle compound and the most  
 unique Ping-Pong tournaments ever staged. There, Randy faces such            
 formidable players as his long-ago Olympics opponent, the still-vicious      
 Karl Wolfschtagg (Thomas Lennon). Can Randy keep his eye on the ball? Will   
 he achieve the redemption he craves while wielding a paddle? Is his          
 backhand strong enough to triumph over rampant wickedness?                   
