ARTIST: Bayside
TITLE: The Walking Wounded
LABEL: Victory Records
GENRE: Rock
BITRATE: 211kbps avg
PLAYTIME: 0h 46m total
RELEASE DATE: 2007-02-06
RIP DATE: 2007-01-23

Track List
----------
1.  The Walking Wounded              3:45
2.  They're NOT Horses, They're      3:46
    Unicorns
3.  Duality                          3:00
4.  Carry On                         4:01
5.  I And I                          3:50
6.  Choice Hops And Bottled Self     4:27
    Esteem
7.  Head On A Plate                  4:03
8.  Dear Your Holiness               3:56
9.  Landing Feet First               4:04
10. Thankfully                       3:24
11. A Rite Of Passage                3:39
12. (Pop)Ular SciencE                4:11

Release Notes:

Don't be misled by the title of Bayside's new album, The Walking Wounded. The
overall theme of this Long Island band's fourth release on Victory Records is
not one of cynicism, pessimism and negativity. Rather, it's about overcoming the
emotional and physical scars in life. "What we mean by 'Walking Wounded' is to
reflect on all kinds of survivors, not necessarily what we survived," singer
guitarist Anthony Raneri explains. "Everybody gets wounded at some point or
another as they go through life. Most of this record is about keeping your head
up and getting through tough situations. Everybody has to get over being
wounded."

Bayside certainly has. A van accident while on tour took the life of drummer
John "Beatz" Holohan. While bassist Nick Ghanberian recovered, Anthony Raneri
and guitarist Jack O'Shea finished the tour as an acoustic duo, which led to the
recording of Bayside Acoustic, with guest Josh Caterer of The Smoking Popes.
Once drummer Chris Guglielmo joined the fold, Raneri refocused his energies back
on the music. "I really wanted to step it up," he says. "So I listened to
everything from Broadway tunes to classical music, and I noticed how much
thought goes into all this music. I wanted to try my hand at creating all the
extreme highs and lows, with lots of changes in the songs, instead of just
churning out quick-to-the-point pop songs. Certainly some of those songs are on
the record, too, but I definitely wanted to bust out creatively, too."

One such song is the title track. "It really explains what the record is about
lyrically," he states. "Musically, it was first song I started writing a
year-and-a-half ago, but it's also the last song we finished. I just went at it
for a long time, making changes here and there practically every day.

"We've been working on a lot of songs for over a year now," Raneri continues.
"I'm really proud of this record. I feel that by working on half of the album's
songs for an entire year, really working on them every day and listening to them
over and over in my head, I've created what I feel are my masterpieces."

Capturing those masterpieces in the studio were producers Shep Goodman and Kenny
Gioia (Mandy Moore, Hall & Oates). Goodman and Raneri both agree that the best
way to introduce the new release is the track "Duality." "We feel it's the most
immediate song on the album," Raneri explains. "I looked back at singles that
have instantly turned people on to the new bands, something that says, 'Here we
are, get ready!' Singles that had such an effect on me are Nirvana's 'Smells
Like Teen Spirit' and Foo Fighters' 'Monkey Wrench." They're attention-grabbers
that instantly kick in and make people feel they've been missing the boat by not
listening to the bands."

Here's what you've been missing if you haven't caught onto Bayside yet: "I feel
like our first record had a very morbid outlook on life," he says. "The second
record was more about looking into yourself, figuring out why everything is
morbid and why such things are happening. This record is the next progression in
the story of our lives. We already figured out what went wrong and why. Now it's
about discovering what makes you happy, then going out and doing it."

Time heals all wounds, and The Walking Wounded is the perfect time to catch
Bayside at their best.