THE MONEY MASTERS is a 3 1/2 hour non-fiction, historical  documentary that traces the origins of the political power structure that rules our nation and the world today. The modern political power structure has its roots in the hidden  manipulation and accumulation of gold and other forms of money. The development of fractional reserve banking practices in the 17th century brought to a cunning  sophistication the secret techniques initially used by goldsmiths fraudulently to accumulate wealth. With the formation of the privately-owned Bank of England in 1694, the  yoke of economic slavery to a privately-owned \\\"central\\\" bank was first forced  upon the backs of an entire nation, not removed but only made heavier with the passing of the three centuries to our day. Nation after nation, including America, has fallen prey to this cabal of international central bankers. 
 
 




The success of the central banking scheme developed into a far-reaching  plan described by President Clinton\\\'s mentor, Georgetown Professor Carroll Quigley,  \\\"to create a world system of financial control in private hands able to dominate the political system of each country and the economy of the world as a whole. This system was to be controlled in a feudalist fashion by the central banks of the world acting in  concert, by secret agreements arrived at in frequent meetings and conferences. The apex of  the system was to be the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland, a private bank owned and controlled by the world\\\'s central banks which were themselves  private corporations. Each central bank....sought to dominate its government by its  ability to control Treasury loans, to manipulate foreign exchanges, to influence the  levels of economic activity in the country, and to influence cooperative politicians by subsequent economic rewards in the business world.\\\" 

Several  short-lived attempts to impose the central banking scheme on the United States were defeated by the patriotic efforts of Presidents Madison, Jefferson, Jackson, Van Buren and Lincoln. But with the passage of the Federal Reserve Act of 1913, America was firmly lashed to the same yoke, so that a small number of very rich men have been able to lay  upon the masses a yoke little better than slavery itself. That yoke inevitably grows  heavier with ever-compounding interest, and totals over $20 trillion of debt owed by the  American people today ($80,000 per American) ultimately to these bankers. 

This vast accumulation of wealth concentrates immense power and despotic economic domination in the hands of the few central bankers \\\"who are able to govern credit and its allotment, for this reason supplying, so to speak, the life-blood to the entire economic body, and grasping, as it were, in their hands the very soul of the  economy so that no one dare breathe against their will.\\\" A worldwide tyranny is  gradually being imposed, hidden to most, by THE MONEY MASTERS.

 
 

