The Good, the Bad and the Ugly (1966)

IMDB Link:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0060196/

----

This movie is number 10 on IMDB's top movies of all time list:

http://www.imdb.com/chart/top

----

A request for "Judge Ito". This is a must see film. I encoded this from the enchanced widescreen dvd, with a bitrate that matched the visual quality of the dvd ...yeah...this means it looks just like the dvd.

Also note:

***There are *TWO* audio tracks in this film***

English is the main audio track...if you select the second audio track, you will get a French dub...I figured why the fuck not, since French is the most widely spoken language in the world.

Please, don't be retarded, and send me an IM bitching because you were not smart enough to choose the English Audio Track, and instead, let your software default to French. I've got numerous emails/IM's from people saying "Thanks for fucking up Harold and Kumar by having director's commentary over the whole fucking movie"...yet these stupid fucks can't even read that the .avi had TWO fucking audio tracks in the movie. I've encoded 6-7 films with 2 or MORE audio tracks, and I keep getting questions about them...get with the fucking program people. Audio track 1 is ALWAYS the main soundtrack. Tracks 2 and on are ALWAYS supplementary.

External English, Spanish, and French subs in VOBsub format.

----

Mini Plot:

Two gunmen have formed a partnership. One is a wanted man (the Ugly) and his partner (the Good) will turn him in for the reward. When the hanging takes place, Good shoots the rope clean through and allows Ugly to escape. When they have a falling out, Good leaves Ugly in the desert. Ugly vows Revenge and tracks Good down and repeats the favor. Just before passing out, a dying man gives Good the secret of a hidden payroll. Both of them end up in a Union Prisoner of War camp run by a sadistic Union officer (The Bad) who discovers their secret and wants the treasure, taking them from the camp to find the cash.

----

Encoded by: sickboy88
Codec: XviD 1.1.0 Beta 2
Bitrate: 721 kb/s AVG
Aspect: 640x288 = 2.22:1
Audio 1: English, 60 kb/s VBR AVG MONO @ 48K Hz
Audio 2: French, 60 kb/s VBR AVG MONO @ 48K Hz
Subtitles: External: English, Spanish, French - VOBsub Format
Runtime: 02:42:39
FPS: 23.976

----

If you are going to watch this, you'll want to install the NEW XviD codec:

Now at Beta 2!

http://www.koepi.org/XviD-1.1.0-Beta2-04042005.exe

For top quality, make sure you use the XviD decoder configerator, and turn
on (Y) and (UV) deblocking, and the new feature of
XviD 1.1.0 (Y) and (UV) DERINGING.

If you have a slow computer, please turn off pre-processing. I don't want
another stupid motherfucker telling me that my movies are out of sync
because they are totally computer illiterate.