Search for test78 if you are interested in my other uploads.

This was requested, and me beeing such a nice bloke and all of course uploaded it right away. ^_^

One of the biggest names of Scandinavian progressive groups that became well-known worldwide. Their music can be described as progressive jazz-rock under influences of beat, R&B, psychedelia... The compositions present often improvisational long passages with Karsten Vogel's (soprano sax, alto sax) musical visions. The other members are: Kim Menzer (flute, violin, trombone, harmonica), Ole Fick (guitars, vocals), Jess Stæhr (bass), Bo Thrige Andersen (drums).

They started in 1967 but the first album appeared two years later. It was double LP M144. By many considered their best. The comparison to The Who is especially clear in this early period. Most of the compositions have lyrics in native language but this changed with the following records where dominating language was English. The second, self-titled album presents the same style and similar record structure: after dynamic opening Across The Windowsill (on M144 it is famous Ivanhoe I Brøndbyerne) compositions of various style and atmosphere come: R&B Rotating Irons, dynamic blues-rock Gong-Gong, The Elephant Song, the ballad Near The Sea, etc. The last track is titled Secret Oyster Service - does it remind you of something? The third album WWW is probably their most progressive work. The music is more placid without crazy sax solos and R&B tracks; also over 8-minutes excellent 2nd Floor, Croydon has more progressive character. In the same year the band recorded LP with Danish folk singer Povl Dissing. Although the compositions are more folk oriented and all lyrics are in Danish there are some moments, especially over 10-minutes Tingel-Tangelmanden that could be interesting for progressive rock fans. 

The group split in 1972 but before it happened they recorded one more album - it was "live in studio" Miley Smile/Stage Recall. Surprisingly, it contains only three old compositions: Ivanhoe I Brøndbyerne, Rotating Irons and Indre Landskab (however in different versions). The rest presents fresh material like rousing The Monster Song, funny cover version of the old standard Red River Rock or the longest and the most typical for the group, jazzy Bareback Rider. The album ends with R&B Goodbye, which is the musicians' farewell. All in all, Miley Smile/Stage Recall is another excellent position in group discography.

In fact, two years later one more album appeared signed as Burnin' Red Ivanhoe. Its story is pretty interesting. Vogel was a member of Secret Oyster at that time. He found (Ref. 2) that he collected some compositions that were not appropriate for experimental style of this group and decided to release the new album under old band name. Right On appeared in 1974 and is another "mandatory" item for BRI fans (unfortunately, this album is extremely difficult to find and very expensive). As for the members, there were former musicians of BRI: Vogel, Andersen, Fick, Secret Oyster: Knudsen and Day Of Phoenix: Karsten Lyng (vocal), so the band name on the album was used rather for formality. This record has rare moments when you hear the echoes of Burnin' Red Ivanhoe (mainly instrumental parts with sax solos) but more often of Day Of Phoenix' first album. The opening track reminds of Uriah Heep very much! In 1980 the group in old good line-up released Shorts, containing pop-rock compositions, quite enjoyable but it is a different story. Burning Red Ivanhoe was one of the most important and typical Danish rock representatives of that time. Fortunately, its rich discography is the evidence of wonderful musicians' output.

256Vbr
Covers included.

Tracklist:


1. 2nd Floor, Croydon
2. W.W.W.
3. Avez-Vous_kaskelainen?
4. Kaske-Vouz Karsemose
5. All About ALl
6. Oblong Serenade
7. Cucumber-Porcupine

Enjoy !				
