Only Fools and Horses.Season 3


9 Episodes


Only Fools and Horses.S03E01-Homesick
Only Fools and Horses.S03E02-Healthy Competition
Only Fools and Horses.S03E03-Friday the 14th
Only Fools and Horses.S03E04-Yesterday Never Comes
Only Fools and Horses.S03E05-May the Force be with You
Only Fools and Horses.S03E06-Wanted
Only Fools and Horses.S03E07-Who's a Pretty Boy?
Only Fools and Horses.S03E08-Thicker Than Water
Only Fools and Horses.S03E09-Licensed to Drill			(27 mINS)


MISSING Only Fools and Horses.S03E09-Licensed to Drill	(27 mINS)

If you got it PLEASE UPLOAD it. If I get it I Will.

Brief: Delboy and Rodney are seen in this extremely rare episode filmed around 1984. This 27 minute episode includes Grandad.

The plot of the story is how Del Boy 'educates' Rodney and Grandad in all things oil. Telling them of its many by products, and how it affects us in everything we do. From the Corn Flakes we eat in the morning (no they don't actually contain oil) to the clothes we wear and the fertiliser we use on the allotment. They then watch a programme 'on BBC 2' about Oil Exploration. After watching the documentary Rodney asks the most poignant question we are all thinking, which is 'What I don't understand Del is why you're so suddenly interested in oil?' Del's obvious response is 'co's we are gonna earn out of it'. He then tells Rodney and Grandad that he has bought an oil rig for £400, and how it is in a lock up in Catford. Rodney then explains how this cannot be possible, and Del finally realises he has been conned.


At last audiences of 10 million plus were tuning in to watch the trotters in great episodes like "Friday the 14th". The characters were loved by all and now Sullivan made a move that added years of life into the show, introduced new characters.
 
For us "who's a Pretty Boy" was a turning point. This episode introduced some new characters including Mike Fisher the barman and Denzil. The characters were now very much part of the show as is seen in the later episodes.