Are you ready?

  First, you take a seat in the Wave Chair. Seconds, after the Tech hooks 
  you up and gets the chair on-line, its time to take a ride.
  As the system powers up, an electro-magnetic pulse is produced by the chair
  and washes over you like a wave of warm sunlight on a summer morning. Your 
  eyes are closed, and as the wave of warmth flows over you, colors explode 
  across your visual cortex and you are transported into a new world of 
  amazing sensations.  What has happened is that your consciousness is 
  basically copied and pasted into the matrix of your mech, as your body 
  remains safe in the Wave Chair. This process is referred to as 
  "riding the wave," or "the ride."  

  You open your eyes and you are now a 3-meter tall 
  (give or take a meter or two), mechanized warrior.  Your arms are the arms 
  of the mech, your legs are the legs of the mech, and all the power of the
  many tactical systems of your mech are now extensions of your own 
  consciousness and are no longer separated from you by wires, computer 
  chips or mechanical connections of any kind. The Wave Chair creates the 
  ultimate interface between warrior and machine - you are one, but without 
  the looming threat of annihilation. If your mech goes down, your 
  consciousness is swept back to your body - unharmed. There have only ever 
  been a few cases where a consciousness was lost before it could get swept 
  back.  

  That is how the warriors of War World mount up. War World's primary outlet 
  for mech on mech combat (for sport and for training), is the ACN 
  (the Arena Combat Network). There are ACN arenas located throughout 
  War World - mostly inside the protected confines of the seven city-states.
  However, there are many arenas that are not protected by the laws of the 
  city-states, where a much fiercer and deadlier form of mech combat takes 
  place; sometimes for sport, sometimes for punishment and sometimes for 
  conflict resolution. 
                  
                         http://www.warworld.net/


  1. Unzip, unace and run setup.exe to install the game.
  2. Copy over the cracked executable from /Crack/.
  3. Unlock the game using any Serial Number you like.
     For Online Multiplayer you will need a valid serial so buy the Game.


Already unpacked just for you :)

If you can't make it work its not my problem learn how to read the .nfo

Enjoy.

F.M.