Artist: Within Temptation
Album: The Heart Of Everything
Label: Gun Records/SonyBMG
Genre: Gothic Rock
Bitrate: VBR/214 kbps avg
Source: CD (LP)
Playtime: 00:57:06  
Rls date: 2007-02-24
Store date: 2007-03-12
Size: 88,2 MB

Tracklist:

01. The Howling                                   
02. What Have You Done (Feat. Keith Caputo)         
03. Frozen                                         
04. Our Solemn Hour                                
05. The Heart Of Everything                        
06. Hand Of Sorrow                                
07. The Cross                                    
08. Final Destination                               
09. All I Need                                      
10. The Truth Beneath The Rose                      
11. Forgiven   

Release Notes: Goth metal stars Within Temptation marry the guitar-driven force of hard rock with the sweep and grandeur of symphonic music, and the results have made them one of the most popular bands ever in the Netherlands. Within Temptation were formed in 1996 by guitarist Robert Westerholt and vocalist Sharon den Adel, who are partners on stage and off. Within Temptation's early material caught the attention of the Dutch label DSFA, and they signed the group to a record deal; their first album, Enter, was released in 1997. Up until this time, Within Temptation had been a studio project, but the success of the album led to invitations to play several live shows, including the Dynamo Music Festival, one of the biggest live music events in the Netherlands. Within Temptation demonstrated their strength as a concert act, and began playing Germany, Austria, Belgium, and the Czech Republic. Booked to play Dynamo's main stage in 1998, Within Temptation felt recording new material was in order, and they released the Dance EP for the occasion. Shortly afterwards, Within Temptation went on hiatus as the group's members dealt with personal commitments and Westerholt and den Adel built a studio for their ambitious recording projects.

In late 2000, Within Temptation returned with their second full-length album (and first for Sony), Mother Earth, and the band continued to appear at major music festivals in Europe and the Netherlands; the album was a major commercial success, and the song "Ice Queen" was released as a single, rising to number two on the Dutch charts. After several years of steady touring (including major festival appearances in France and Mexico), Within Temptation returned to the studio to record their third album, 2004's The Silent Force, an ambitious project featuring a full orchestra and 80-voice choir accompanying the band. It was their first disc to be released simultaneously in Europe and the Netherlands, and became a major commercial success, going platinum at home and reaching the Top Ten in Germany, Belgium, Spain, and Finland. Having become the Netherlands' best-selling international act, Within Temptation finally landed an American record deal with the venerable metal imprint Roadrunner, and their fourth album is slated for international release in early 2007.