Released on 10/15/06 for exclusive usage by members of the release scene. This isnt something to share with your school mates and not for sale Go and ask daddy to buy this app if you like it! 

The Microsoft Windows Preinstallation Environment (Windows PE) makes IT professionals more productive by providing powerful preparation and installation tools for Microsoft Windows XP Professional and Microsoft Windows Server 2003. With Windows PE, IT staff can build custom solutions that speed deployment through automation, enabling them to spend less time and effort keeping desktops updated. 

Windows PE enables IT professionals to do the following: Be more prepared: IT professionals can more easily prepare to deploy and support Windows desktops and servers. Recovery efforts are less time-consuming and more productive. Save time and focus on critical tasks: 

Engineers have the ability to inject mass-storage, networking, audio, video, and other types of device drivers directly into an existing copy of Windows PE. As a result, IT professionals no longer need to customize disks that are bootable by using MS-DOS. Streamline processes: IT professionals can format disks with the NTFS file system without using third-party utilities. Also, the file-system utilities that Windows PE provides are scriptable, enabling administrators to completely automate the hard-disk preparation process. Maintain easy network access: Windows PE provides network access comparable to Windows XP. In fact, Windows PE provides the same network drivers that come with Windows XP, enabling IT professionals to access the network quickly and easily. Customize easily: Because Windows PE is based on Windows XP Professional and Windows Server 2003, IT professionals are already familiar with the techniques and tools used to customize Windows PE. They can customize it for a variety of scenarios, including deployment, test and diagnostic, recovery, and other support-related tasks. 

For more Information check 
 
http://www.microsoft.com/whdc/system/winpreinst/WindowsPE_over.mspx 

Install Notes 

1. Unpack & burn/mount 

2. You should know yourself what to do with it 