		Medal.Of.Honor.Rising.Sun.XBOX-WAM 	

	


        	Company.............: EA Games   File Count:64X50MB
	Released..:November,11th 2003    Media Type....:DVD
        	Origin....................:NTSC  Genre......:Shooter
        	Language..................:ENG 


  		R E L E A S E  I N F O


 Description:

   The epic saga of World War II continues with Medal of Honor
   Rising Sun. The war has shifted to the Pacifi c Theatre, and
   its outcome depends on you. Play as Marine Corporal Joseph
   Griffi n in a far-reaching tale of two brothers that weaves 
   its storyline from this title into the next game in the 
   award-winning MOH franchise. As Japanese forces seek to 
   expand their dominion over the Pacifi c, you must use stealth,
   commando tactics, and sabotage to turn the tide in your favor.
   Featuring real-life historical battles like Pearl Harbor and
   Guadalcanal, over 20 authentic WWII weapons, highly 
   intelligent enemies, and a heroic cast of characters that 
   fight on your side from level to level, Medal of Honor Rising
   Sun delivers the standard-setting experience for all Action 
   games.

	-Epic WWII Action from 1941 to 1945 - Ten massive 
	 gameplay levels spread across five major missions. 
	 Your goal: stop Japanese forces from achieving control
	 of the Pacific Theatre. 


	-Battle for the Pacific - Fight off the attack on Pearl
	 Harbor, lead the assault on Guadalcanal, blow up the
	 bridge over the River Kwai, and much more. The action
	 culminates in the dramatic rescue of POWs from 
	 Cabantuan prison camp in the Philippines. 


	-Many Paths to Victory - Open environment based gameplay
	 allows players to take multiple paths and approaches to
	 defeat the enemy. Attack enemy units alone or as part
	 of a military squad. 


	-Intense Multiplayer Combat - Ten multiplayer levels for 
	 up to four players in Deathmatch and Team modes,
	 and all-new two-player Co-op mode. 


	-Award-Winning MOH Presentation and Gameplay - Featuring
	 an all-new reward system, unlockable extras, realistic
	 environment rendering (including foliage, water, and
	 weather effects), unparalleled sound design, and an
	 authentic WWII look and feel with the assistance of
	 renowned military technical advisor Capt. Dale Dye.