CD Name :	In Search Of Rhe Ancient Gods
Artist Name :	Absolute Elsewhere
Label :		Arcangelo/Warner Bros Music
Year :		1976
Genre:          New Age

Ripped by Tonio 

Tracks:
1.  Earthbound			9.10
2.  Moon City			4.50
3.  Miracles of the gods	11.45
4.  The gold of the gods	2.35
5.  Toktela		        1.35
6.  Chariots of the gods	10.55
7.  Reurn to the stars		9.55



Paul Fishman	keyboards
Bill Bruford	percussion
Philip Saatch	guitar
John Astrop     bass



Call it new age from the middle 70's with a touch of symphonic rock.
For me this is a lost gem from the 70's.
Finally i found this Japanese sleeve-board disc.
And i like to join this one with all of you.
Enjoy.

this one is for G.J.R. who made me do this posting.  

Absolute Elsewhere [UK]
Updated 4/18/02 
 
Discography 	   
In Search Of The Ancient Gods: An Experience in Sound and Music Based on the Books of Erich van Daniken (76)
	   
	   
Reviews 	   
A band about which not much is known (at least by me); I suspect they were a one-off. Prog fans might be suckered into buying their album In Search of the Ancient Gods because it features Bill Bruford on drums, but don't waste your money unless you're an absolutely fanatical completist. The album is basically New Age from before it was called New Age; lots of swooshy synths and the occasional moment that approaches mushy prog rock. Occasionally pretty, but not terribly inspiring, energetic, original, or complex. -- Greg Ward 	   
UK progressive band (Paul Fishman - keyboards, flute, compositions; Philip Saatchi - guitar; John Astrop - bass) whose single album features Bill Bruford in a seminal hired-gun role. The music is 2/3rds uncomplicated, smooth, slightly jazzy, all-instrumental progressive rock and 1/3rd spacey synth music (some of which pleasantly recalls Klaus Schulze). Fishman's compositions aren't particularly memorable, the analog synths sound dated (this is both good and bad), Saatchi gets off a few nifty but too brief solos, and Bruford is his usual brilliant, dynamic self. To me, the most appealing aspects of the music are Bill Bruford's exceptionally well-recorded drums, some of the more uptempo bits on side two, and some the solo synth stuff. Otherwise, much of it is too sappy and mawkish for my tastes. -- Dave Wayne 	   
This band later became New-Wave act Gang Of Four and in later stage supported Sam Brown. Their sole album as Absolute Elsewhere gained its status among collectors mainly due to the involvement of Bill Bruford. This is an album that merges Symphonic prog with early new-age/ambient and more rocking parts (where Bruford's talent come to fulfillment) it contains some interesting ideas but generally it's rather laid back and relaxed, this is recommended to diehard fans of Bruford or to fans of early synthesizer albums. -- Gil Keltch 	   
In the Absolute Elsewhere section, someone suggests that the band -- apart from Bill Bruford -- went on to become Gang of Four. To my knowledge, this is so improbable, it is about as likely as Dubya being the reincarnation of FDR, or The Partridge Family being the real New York Dolls. There would have to have been changes of names, for a start; I know Bill Bruford quite well and he has never suggested anything of the sort regarding this pick-up outfit; guitarist Phil Saatchi produced pop acts in the UK in the 80s under his own name; this smacks of an urban myth in the making and I'd post it as such. 
Finally, the British rock press is pretty voracious; if such a radical band as Gang of Four had a past in such an unbelievably limp prog album as Absolute Elsewhere, there would surely be now have been a feeding frenzy, certainly after Gof4 reformed a year or two ago. If there is any proof of this unlikely claim, I'll gladly admit my mistake, wear my sackcloth and ashes and laugh at Gof4's po-faced mystique being undermined, but be warned; in this case you may be posting bullshit of an unfeasibly and unacceptably high order. 
[But I don't wish to] sound too judgemental about your correspondent. We've all been sold pups at some time or another. -- Paul Stump 
[Editor's note: After doing some fact-checking, I agree with Paul about this alleged linkage. One possibility is that Absolute Elsewhere went on to become a band named Gang of Four that had nothing to do with the more famous band. If so, I have been unable to find any trace of such a group. However, I did find out that Dubya was actually a member of the New York Dolls briefly after his failed attempt at becoming a Texas oil baron. Just kidding. -- Fred Trafton] 	 

 
The Complete GEPR Listing of Bands



