Initial seed & release provided by AntinousK.

Centropy - Finest VCD/DVD release crew :

Title.............: Ocean's Twelve      
Ripper...........: Brad Pitt
Date.............: 09-03-2005
Supplier.........: George Clooney
Quality..........: DVDR
Archives........: 95*50
Genre...........: Comedy/Crime/Thriller
Rating..........: 6.1/10

First of all :

We're sorry the real deal took this much time, but we
weren't sure IF we should bring out a real proper, while we had every
right to do so in the first place.                                    

We discussed it alot amongst ourselves and came to the conclusion that  

1-click-rips shouldn't be celebrated as they are nowadays in the scene.
We always tried (and still do) to bring the scene the best possible    
releases in the best possible quality, and it may be silly, but that's  
what we expect from other crews too.                                    

What we are trying to say is that we don't mind being beaten if it is  
by a quality crew with a quality product. If you are faster than us,  
and deliver quality : respect. But nowadays sites, in the struggle to  
be regarded as a topsite, take on riffraff groups who have no intention
of bringing quality, but just to rush out stuff to pimp their groupname.
It might be nice they have a supply.. but does that mean the scene      
should allow crap to be pre'd? Should the scene even allow these groups
the light of day?

There was a time groups like this were dealt with,  
swiftly.. but alas - those days seem long past.                        

Since we believe things can still change for the better, we decided to  
bring the scene a quality rip of this dvd.                              
And oh.. we even have proper reasons ! Here we go:                    

MPTDVD release                                                    

* Subs                                                                  
English subs are on by default. Foreign subs are unusable while I      
tested by using daemon/mpc. There are also 2 substreams specified as    
chinese which contain nothing. While using my standalone they work from
menu, but trying the subtitle button on my remote english is the only choice.                                                                                                                                      
* Menu                                                                  
Tried to strip out the french LU's, but managed to keep the french      
subtitle menu. Examining it in ifoedit shows complete disarray when    
comparing to original. All in all.. menu is raped. There's no nice word
for it.                                                                

* Missing Scenes                                                        
Missing 18 seconds of footage at around 1:08:20 (MPT dvdr time). For  
some reason this is exactly where BRUTUS xvid has its CD change.      

* Picture Quality                                                      
Blur-o-matic.                                                          

*Interlacing                                                          
Examining the sample I found one single frame that shows interlacing.  
Not really a worthy reason we think but kept in for completeness sake.  
I wouldn't be suprised if there were more interlaced frames, but it    
already was obvious that this was a 1-clicker, so no point on checking  
it all.                                                                

* VIDEO_TS.VOB                                                          
There is none on the original DVD9 - there is one in this release.      
1-clickers tend to create these files for you.. and thus leave a trace.

* DVDInfo Pro                                                          
Implementation id DVD Shrink                                            


SHINBET release                                                        

* Audio Tracks                                                          
Kept both 5.1ch and 2.0ch english. Also didn't remove the ID's for the  
stripped tracks (french and reserved) not included.                    

* Menu                                                                  
Kept all of the french LU's and reencoded the english ones to save      
space. Didn't menu-edit audio menu so stripped audios are selectable    
and point to non-existant audio tracks.                                

* Picture Quality                                                      
Poor at best.                                                          

* Extra                                                                
Although the original DVD9 doesn't carry many extras, they HAVE to be  
ripped on this one to preserve watchable dvd-bitrate. ShinBet didn't    
bother to remove neither the trailers in front of the movie, nor the    
company-logo, nor the copyright notices, nor the trailer of the movie  
itself. Which brings us to :                                            

* Bitrate                                                              
Specified bitrate in nfo is 4700 kbit/s. Extracting the .m2v yields a  
file thats 3.607.116.434 bytes. Runtime is 125 minutes.                
Calculating 3607116434 / (125 * 60) / 1024 * 8 gives us 3757 kbit/s.    
Compare that to our 4205. But i'm sure that was just a typo tho, right?

* DVDInfo Pro                                                          
Implementation id DVD Shrink                                            


Which brings us to our own stats :

Video: 6-pass CCE reencode @ 4205 kbps.                              
Audio: 5.1 English.                                                  
Subs: English, Spanish, French.                                      
Ripped: Extras, logo's, rest of the audio, and french menu to get      
bitrate at a decent level.                                    
Source: WS. Retail R1

In conclusion we thank you for reading this far and sincerely hope      
that you don't have to read another one like it as much as we hope      
another one like it doesn't have to be written.                        

P.S.                                                                    
Remember who released Ocean's Eleven DVDR almost 3 years ago?      

*Movie Cast

Imdb :  Check out -> http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0349903/

Centropy Information

Please remember: we do this for FUN. We do not make money        
off this whole business. If people tell you                          
they're in Centropy, they're lying.We do not condone            
people selling illegal copies of movies for profit.              
In fact, all of us go to the movies regularly and pay for        
our tickets just like everyone else.                            
If everyone only watched illegal copies, there would be          
no money to make new movies.                                      

Greetings to our fellow release crews..