Muzys is an alternative virtual music studio for Windows & MacOS, featuring everything you need to create groovy basslines, funky rhythms and trendy melodies, and to produce world-class songs & tracks. 

Muzys transforms your computer into an complete virtual studio featuring a powerful Sequencer, Rhythm & Sound Modules, Samplers, Equalizers, Delays, Reverbs, a powerful Mixing Desk, full automatition, extended MIDI support, and much much more ... 

And it does not just throw all these features together, but offers you a nice and easy environment, designed to support Your musical inspiration ! 

Available on Windows (Win9x, WinMe, WinNT, Win2K, WinXP) 

Advanced pattern- and song- composition and performance capabilities 
Up to 128 tracks per Composition 
Realtime song programming, Live performance recording 
Advanced sequencing and looping capabilities 
Detailed and professional sequence editors (Key Editor, Grafix Editor, List Editor) 
More than 30 sequence functions like Quantize, Transpose, Change Note Length, Key Shaker, ... 
Tempi from 40.000 to 500.000 BPM, 960 PPQN 
Sample Accurate Timing 

Unique integration of audio and MIDI 
Supports ASIO, MME & DirectSound on Windows, and ASIO & Sound Manager on MacOS 
Supports sample formats from 11025 Hz, 16 Bit to 96000 Hz, 64 Bit floating point 
Optimized sampler with 1024 polyphones, with Linear and Cubic Hermite interpolation 
Superb and fully automatable Audio Mixing Desk supporting Pre/Post * Insert/Send Effects 
16 integrated and optimized Muzys Plugin Effects (Delay, Reverb, EQ, Filters, Distortion, ...) 
Supports VST Plugin Effects 
Supports VST Instruments 
Easy Plugin Manager 
Integrated Wave Labo 
Integrated Wave Manager 
Advanced multiport MIDI Player support 
Advanced MIDI Program Change support 
Integrated and fully automatable MIDI Mixing Desk with up to 32 customable faders 
Easy MIDI Controller assignments 
Keyboard Mapper allows triggering of sequence from a MIDI keyboard ! 
FastKeys : User definable key-shortcuts for almost every function 

Loads AIFF, WAVE and MP3 audiofiles, with easy previewing ! 
Imports MIDI Files 
MIDI Clock Transmission 
MTC Transmission 
Supports ReWire on Windows (audio only) 

Years of practical studio experience incorporated 
100% skinnable 
Platform independent

100% Clean. No cracks or key required.
Please seed! :-)

It has been reported by a user that this will not work on Windows Vista. If you are able to get this working on Vista please leave a comment, and explain what if anything you did to get it working on Vista. I use Windows XP, and it runs perfectly for me.