What's new in ACDSee Pro 2 
Certified for Vista â?¢
ACDSee Pro 2 is Certified for Windows Vistaâ?¢, providing the best experience possible on the Vistaâ?¢ operating system. ACDSee has worked closely with Microsoft to provide features and functions at the highest level of compatibility with Windows Vista.

Improved RAW performance 
Viewing and Browsing:
Viewing RAW in ACDSee Pro 2 is now incredibly fast. Browse and view huge RAW files as if they were JPEGs, with new background RAW processing and RAW Image Previews (RIPs). Performance and handling of RAW files is optimized for dual processors. The quality of demosaicing and white balance is also improved

Copy and paste RAW settings:
Accelerate and simplify your workflow by copying and pasting RAW settings from one photo to another.

 

Rotate and crop in one step:
Crop and rotate your photos at the same time with the flexible new Crop/Rotate tool

 

Export to multiple formats and resolutions:
Simultaneously export RAW images to up to 14 file formats and multiple resolutions, rename and resize your files, and embed a color profile.

Recover detail in RAW photos: 
Even when a photo is properly exposed, you can lose highlight details due to clipping by your camera. In ACDSee Pro 2, recover up to two stops of lost highlight detail with the Highlight Recovery slider in the Exposure tab of the RAW Processor. Or, use the Light EQ tab to control up to nine individual tone bands.

New RAW file formats: 
ACDSee Pro 2 supports several new RAW formats as well as XMP sidecar files. 

Superior browsing, viewing, and organizing
Pop-up previews:
To see the new pop-up previews in the File List pane, hover your mouse over a thumbnail. To disable pop-up previews, select Tools | Options, under File List, then click off Show thumbnails on pop-ups.

 

Browse by date:
View your photos by date with the new Photo Calendar or Events View. 


To access the Photo Calendar in ACDSee Pro 2, float the Calendar pane, select Month View, and enlarge the pane.

Events View, a new option in the Calendar pane, displays your photos in an organized event list. Personalize events with unique descriptions like AutoShow or Jones Wedding. 

 

View photos faster:  
See your photos instantly on screen with the Quick View mode. Whether opening an image attachment to an e-mail, or double-clicking on a JPEG from Windows Explorer, the Quick View mode is a fast, sleek, and efficient addition to ACDSeeâ?? powerful viewing tools. Pared down to include the viewing and browsing essentials, it displays your photos with greater speed than ever before. 

Organize, sort, and navigate: 
Group By arranges your photos into subsets, providing a logical viewing structure for faster viewing. Group by keywords, size, date taken, and other commonly used information. 

With Filter By, you get improved sorting and display of photos assigned to particular ratings or categories. For example, select Filter By | Rating 1. Only the photos in the selected folder(s) assigned to Rating 1 will be displayed. 

Easily navigate a summary list of groups of photos in a folder using the Table of Contents display. It is available when using the new Group By and Events View features.  

 
Improved metadata support 
Multi-word keyword support:
ACDSee Pro 2 now supports spaces in keywords, making it compatible with the IPTC standard and with other photo editing software. Enter keywords like "Los Angeles" and no metadata will be lost when you import or export images from other applications.

XMP and DNG support:
ACDSee now supports the XMP sidecar file format created by Adobe products. These sidecar files can be used to store metadata for RAW images that cannot be edited directly. 

ACDSee also supports reading and writing to XMP metadata for our currently supported IPTC fields. XMP metadata is a new extensible standard that is becoming more widely adopted. For backward compatibility, ACDSee reads metadata from or writes it to, both the older IPTC fields and the newer XMP fields, with the XMP field (if it exists) taking precedence. 

You can also edit the metadata in DNG files including EXIF, IPTC, and XMP metadata. 

Automatic categorizing based on metadata: 
Save time sorting your photos - browse through the Auto Categories pane. ACDSee Pro 2 now leverages metadata from your images to automatically place them in categories based on EXIF camera information, IPTC data, ACD database information and file properties. Use auto categories to improve searches too.

User-friendly, advanced image editing
Improved Shadows/Highlights: 
The sophisticated image processing behind the Shadows/Highlights tool is now even better! This patent-pending feature actively analyses each photo to automatically apply optimal settings for each individual photo. Fine-tune shadows and highlights independently using sliders, or a single click on the photo.  

For greater precision use the Light EQ and Advanced tabs. The Light EQ tab is like a sound equalizer - for light.  You have complete control over 2-9 separate tone bands.

With the Advanced tab, you drag the actual local, tone-mapping curve, which tells you immediately when clipping starts - or make adjustments directly on the photo itself using mouse controls. You can even "roll" your own custom curve using the mouse scroll wheel.

RAW Shadows and Highlights:
Even better, controls for adjusting the too-dark or too-bright areas of photos have been added to RAW Processing both on the Exposure tab and on the separate Light EQ tab. 

  

Expanded Batch Processing:  
Apply 13 different operations to a single photo or multiple photos using the Batch Processor, which now includes controls for Shadows/Highlights, Channel Mixer, Sepia, and Saturation. 

Creative editing with Selections: 

Apply corrections, adjustments, and creative effects to a selected area of your image with the new Selections tool, giving you complete technical and artistic control of every aspect of your image.

 

 

Opacity and Blending:
Change the opacity of an effect applied to the whole image or a selection. Change the way edited images blend with the original image. Used with selections or special effects, these tools effectively give you 17 new options for every editing panel!Quickly flip through the blend modes by hovering over the control and scrolling with your mouse wheel. 

 

Channel Mixer:
Create rich black and white images by controlling the amount of color information in each of the red, green, and blue channels used in the grayscale image. A preview window shows you precisely which areas of the photo you will affect for each channel. In Edit Mode, click Color and then select the Channel Mixer tab. 

Advanced red-eye correction:
With the new Red-eye Reduction tool, get natural-looking results even if the red coloring has bled onto the surrounding skin or iris. Set the intensity of the color and then create a custom color to replace red areas.

Integration and sharing
Export photos directly to PowerPoint:  
Use the new PPT wizard to instantly create a PowerPoint presentation of your photos by exporting them directly from within ACDSee. Just select your photos, click Create | Create PPT and the wizard will help you add or remove images, name your presentation, choose where to store it, apply a design template or even add captions, titles, and notes to each slide. 

Unzip archives from right inside ACDSee:
Now you can unzip archives and start viewing and organizing files without leaving ACDSee, so you can start viewing and organizing downloads immediately. 

Upload to online services:
Quickly upload your photos to online services like Flickr and SmugMug from within ACDSee. 

Photo widget:
Post a photo widget on your web site or blog, powered by your free ACDSee Sendpix online album. 

Print Templates: 
Print Layout reduces the complexity and confusion suffered over printing multiple photos. It gives you a variety of print layout options.  Print multiple 4x6 prints on a single page, or fill an entire page for an 8x10.
