Track Listings

1. The Edge...(Introduction) (6:10)
2. Fly Away (8:03)
3. The Confession (6:19)
4. The Edge Part 2 (6:23)
5. A Day in Verse (7:58)
6. Imaginarium (10:11)
7. The Edge Part 3 (5:01)
8. The Edge of Madness (7:13)
9. Rejection (3:24)
10. Baptized By Fire (7:28)
11. The Edge...Legacy/Reprise (5:03)

Total Time: 74:00

Review from Prog Archives:

***** Eternity X was formed in 1990 by Keith Sudano (vocalist) and Robert "Zeek" Maziekien (bassist). Other band members came and went but for the recording of The Edge (1997), the other members were Jeffrey Shernov (Guitar), Jamie Mazur (keyboards) and Jimmy Peruta (drums).

The Edge

Now I tend to be a little effusive in my praise for worthy albums, therefore for The Edge I will try to be less subjective. Please do not take that to mean that I am less than enthused about The Edge.

If ever the term Art Rock fit the designee, this is it. The Edge is literally a work of Progressive Art. Even AMG recommends this album and they even put The Edge on a par with DTs, Images and Words and so do I. I am so happy I found this album that I am compelled to tell you about it, whoever you may be.

The Music is like a fusion of Dream Theater, Adagio, Symphony X and Shadow Gallery, both Progressive and Symphonic with low keyed to bombastic sounds. The phenomenal singer songwriter, Keith Sudano, has written and arranged some extremely interesting pieces and his powerful voice reminds me of both Roy Kahn of Kamelot, Geoff Tate of Queensryche and a little of Mike Baker of Shadow Gallery

Surprisingly The album starts out, in my opinion, rather slowly (in quality, not speed) with four songs under five stars. "The Edge - Part One" is a good, not particularly inspired, Dream Theater sounding number. "Fly Away" is a long (8 plus minutes) very accessible song reminiscent of Styx or Shadow Gallery. "The Confession" The best if the four, starts with a recording of Carmina Burina, then gets Progressive sort of like Queensryche's Operation Mindcrime. "The Edge - Part Two" is actually a very good song but the operatic sounding female singer is too strident and detracts from the overall effect.

Now we're getting to the meat of the album. Is there such a thing as a progressive ballad? If so, then "Aday in Verse" is it. Look for a great melody, lovely passionate singing and great piano playing.

"Imaginarium", with soft half spoken half sung introductions in the beginning and middle this inscrutable ten minute selection is otherwise mostly a medium fast tempo rock song during the verses and choruses. Look for great guitar playing, ethereal interludes and some fabulous emotive vocals .

"The Edge - Part Three" is one of the shorter and weaker pieces @ only 5 minutes our singer (Sudano) does an excellent job of singing actually sounding like two different people. Look for some background classical melodies.

Now we're getting to the killer songs, "Edge of Madness" is an amazing song portraying a realistic portrait of insanity. Look for insane style voices popping up all over the place with piano and guitar accompaniments in this chopped up, widely varied, medium pace song. This song is catchy as Hell!

"Rejection" starts with a standard telephone recording and a following beep beep beep, which we are all familiar. Following the tempo of the nerve racking beep first drums then the organ jump in the the whole band setting the scene for a heavy guitar laden song of rage.

"Baptized By Fire" is one of the more uplifting songs with a pleasant catchy melody accompanying an equally pleasant galloping beat. This song really reminds me of Everon and Oliver Phillips singing. This is the kind of song that'll get in your head and just won't leave you alone.

"The Edge - Legacy/Reprise" is a somewhat eclectic/schizophrenic ending. Look for a convivial acoustic guitar and a slightly folk melody then segueing into the reprise which is more progressive and great emotional singing. (Sudano's trademark)

I haven't mentioned this but The Edge is ostensibly a concept album. I haven't been able to figure out the story, however.

One cannot underestimate the importance of band leader Keith Sudano's vocals are to this album. Sudano is extraordinarily versitile singing in numerous voices and backing himself and even on occasion sounding like a girl. That's not to take away from the other members who are excellent as well but Sudano's vocals put Eternity X over the top. I keep thinking of more singers whom Sudano reminds me of, so here's another one - Jorn Lande of Beyond Twilight, more on style than sound and absolute importance to their respective bands.

So now that I've given my spiel, what do you think? Remember, this album is universally revered by reviewers. I have checked, it is true. The only thing The Edge was lacking was buyers but watch out, this is going to be a classic, so get your copy right now while you still can. For any, that like Progressive Rock or Metal this is a must. If you like any of the similar bands below, this is an essential album.

Similar Bands : Shadow Gallery, Dream Theater, Threshold, Everon, Vanden Plas, Queenryche, Savatage