The Satanic Bible (Underground Edition 2)

We're back: with version 2.0...

Underground Edition 2 is an attempt to create the best possible electronic version of Dr. Anton Szandor LaVey's _The Satanic Bible_.

Many seek it out on the web since it can be hard to find in certain locations, and dangerous to possess in many situations! In those cases a digital copy is much more easily obtained and also more easily hidden from prying eyes.

This is version "2.0" and we've improved the text and layout of the main body of the work, corrected typos, added Acrobat bookmarks and added a lot more extra material (listed below).

We did not do the initial book scan, but we spell-checked and corrected the scan, added the original rare "extended dedications" from the first edition (they are practically a bibliography), compiled all four known introductions from various editions (something the publishers/introduction writers never would or could do), used front and rear cover scans from an Avon first edition, added collected appendices on various topics and taken first steps toward an Anton Szandor LaVey reading list. There is also a small photo gallery.

Please direct any mistakes, extra material, infernal diatribes or love notes to the address in the Colophon.

Underground Edition 2 Appendices:

I. LaVey: Early Writings
Eleven Satanic Rules of the Earth
Satanism Monograph
Letters From The Devil Column
On Occultism of the Past

II. LaVey: Later Writings
The Nine Satanic Sins
Pentagonal Revisionism: A Five-Point Program
The World's Most Powerful Religion

III. LaVey: Enochian Writings
Guide to Enochian Pronunciation
Suggested Enochian Keys for Various Rituals and Ceremonies

IV. Satanic Bible Scholarship
The Satanic Bible Dedications Delineated
The Book of Satan from the Satanic Bible
The Hidden Source of the Satanic Philosophy
Satanism and Objectivism
The Satanic Bible: Quasi-Scripture/Counter-Scripture
Diabolical Authority: Anton LaVey, The Satanic Bible and the Satanist ?Tradition?
Prime-time Satanism: rumor-panic and the work of iconic topoi

V. Symbol and Time
The Brimstone Symbol in the Satanic Bible
The Satanic Calendar
The Church of Satan?s Year Reckoning

VI. The Command To Look and Angularity
The Command to Look 
The Occult Institute of Technology and Angular Environments
The William Mortensen Story
The Command To Look Principle
Excerpts from the Order of the Trapezoid Mission Statement
Comments on the Law of the Trapezoid

VII. Reference
Glossary
Fragments Toward an Anton Szandor LaVey Reading List
Photo Gallery

Colophon

