Terry Pratchett´s Discworld

Game       : Discworld
Author     : Terry Pratchett
Released   : 1995 by Psygnosis
Format     : ISO (PowerISO)
Filename   : mtx-dw.r*
CDs / Rars : 1 CD - 11 RARs
Game type  : Fantasy Adventure Walktrough.
Platform   : Dos
Language   : English
Protection : No Protection
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Game Notes :

You´ll find here wizards, dragons , heroes and household hygiene
Specialists. There is danger here, but there is also custard around the
place. Because Discworld is a fantasy world with low reality threshold.
The real world keeps on breaking through - but Discworld changes it.

So You´ll find here things that you sort of recognize.

Discworld has got photography (tiny imps paint the picures) and movies
(tiny imps paint really fast) and it even getting its second generation
of computers now that the old stone circles don´t work fast enough.

However, because it is a fantasy world there are some things that it
has to have, and one of them is certain tendency to experience some
trouble with dragons.

Unfortunately, a dragon is now ravaging Ankh-Morpork, the world´s
leading city. Many people would consider that this falls under the
heading of civic improvement, but what Ankh-Morpork needs right
now is a hero. All it´s got, however, is Rincewind the wizard, whose
only talent is that he is not in fact dead yet. He also has the luggage,
the nastiest piece of travelware in the Universe. With that at his side,
there is probably no limit to the things he can fail to do...

oh, did i say he? I meant... you.

Beware of anyone who TALKS LIKE THIS and carries a scythe,
and remember that a loaded pun sometimes goes off...

... and have fun..


                                      Terry Pratchett.



Get DosBox and you are ready to play this Classic Oldschool Game under you windows XP :-)
I have also included the orginal Discworld Manual in Adobe Acrobat format, the manual are on the cd.

Many Greetings goes to the best crack group ever to release on the game Scene in my own view.

RELOADED YOU GUYS RULE!!! Keep up the nice releases. When it says RELOADED ON A RELEASE IT SAYS QUALITY AT ITS FINEST JUST LIKE MY 12 YEAR OLD WHISKY STRATHISLA,JUST PURE PLEASURE ;-)

Cheers!!! ;-)


This game is Braught to you by Mantropolix :-)

ENJOY!!!