Dark Messiah of Might and Magic Single Player DEMO

AFAIK, does not need any registrations.


  System Requirements

  Supported OS: Windows® XP 
  Processor: AMD Athlon?, Pentium® 2.2 GHz (3 GHz recommended)
  RAM: 512 MB (1 GB recommended)
  Video Card: 128 MB DirectX® 9-compatible video card (256MB recommended)
  Sound Card: DirectX 9 compatible sound card
  DirectX Version: DirectX 9 or higher
  Hard Drive Space: 3 GB free
  Peripherals Supported: Windows-compatible mouse and keyboard
  Supported Video Cards:
  NVIDIA® GeForce? FX/6/7 families 
  ATI® Radeon? 9/X families


  Laptop versions of these cards are not fully supported. 

- Video Cards
  It is highly recommended to check your video card manufacturer's 
  website and download updated drivers for your card. For your
  convenience the addresses are listed here:
  
  ATI: 	http://ati.com/support/driver.html
  Nvidia: 	http://nvidia.com/content/drivers/drivers.asp


- ALT+TAB
  Using the ALT+TAB key combination to switch between applications may
  cause problems. We do not support the use of the ALT+TAB function.

- US Keyboard binding
  In the demo of Dark Messiah, your keyboard will be detected as a US keyboard. If you have
  an international keyboard, like the French keyboard, reassigning your keys will give you
  the US equivalent. For exemple binding "W" to crouch will read "Z" in the 
  the keyboard options' menu.
  
  French keyboard binding: 
  Z 		- Move Forward
  S 		- Move Backward
  Q 		- Strafe Left
  D 		- Strafe Right
  E 		- Interact with the environment
  F		- Kick
  C 		- Crouch

- 800*600 Resolution 
  That resolution is not officially supported in the demo of Dark Messiah of Might and 
  Magic.

- 16/10 Screen Ratio	
  That Screen Ratio is not officially supported in the demo of Dark Messiah of Might
  and Magic. 

  Before contacting Ubisoft Entertainment's Technical Support Department, 
  please browse through our FAQ listings or search our support database at our 
  website: 

  http://support.ubi.com. 

  Here you will find the most recently updated information since the games release.

 This software product is copyrighted and all rights are reserved 
  by Ubisoft and is protected by the copyright laws that 
  pertain to computer software.  You may copy this software for back-up 
  and casual distribution. 
  Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may not modify, adapt, translate, 
  create derivative works, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise reverse 
  engineer or derive source code from all or any portion of the software 
  or anything incorporated therein, permit, or encourage any third party 
  to do so.
  
  © 2006 Ubisoft Entertainment. All Rights Reserved. Dark Messiah, 
  Might and Magic, Ubisoft, and the Ubisoft logo are trademarks of 
  Ubisoft Entertainment in the U.S. and/or other countries. Developed 
  by Arkane Studios. Valve, Half-Life, and Source are trademarks or 
  registered trademarks of Valve Corporation in the United States 
  and/or other countries.  Pentium, Microsoft Windows, Athlon, 
  GeForce, Radeon, DirectX are trademarks of their respective owners.
