Supertramp: Roger Hodgson (vocals, guitar, keyboards); Rick Davies (vocals, keyboards); John Helliwell (saxophone); Dougie Thomson (bass); Bob Siebenberg (drums). Recorded between 1974 and 1985. Includes liner notes by Doug Haverty. All tracks have been digitally remastered. Though Supertramp eventually broke through in the US as radio-friendly pop-rockers, they started out in the prog-rock mode, turning out lengthy songs full of fanciful instrumental interludes. Even at their proggiest, though, they always interjected a discernible Beatlesque pop sensibility that kept them well away from the excesses often associated with prog rock.

THE VERY BEST OF SUPERTRAMP offers a handy career overview of the band's stylistic evolution. "Crime of the Century" shows the group at its most expansive and conceptual, but the bulk of this collection is in fact occupied by concise, well-crafted tunes full of infectious melodies, propulsive keyboards, and the tasty interjections of John Anthony Helliwell's saxophone. By the time they'd gotten around to their 1980s hit "It's Raining Again," Supertramp had fully transformed into a straight-ahead pop group, their McCartney-like tendencies coming fully to the fore. For most former art-rockers, this might have been a woeful development, but in the case of the already-popwise Supertramp, it was a blessing, making this anthology a pleasure all the way down the line.

1997 collection featuring 15 of their absolute biggest &best hits, all digitally remastered. Includes 'The LogicalSong', 'Give A Little Bit', 'Take The Long Way Home', 'It'sRaining Again', 'Dreamer', 'Goodbye Stranger', 'Bloody WellRight', 'Cannonball' and more! An A&M release. Standard jewelcase.

  1. School 
  2. Goodbye Stranger 
  3. Logical Song, The 
  4. Bloody Well Right 
  5. Breakfast In America 
  6. Rudy 
  7. Take The Long Way Home 
  8. Crime Of The Century 
  9. Dreamer 
  10. Ain't Nobody But Me 
  11. Hide In Your Shell 
  12. From Now On 
  13. Give A Little Bit 
  14. It's Raining Again 

Enjoy! and please seed..
Ekolb