Michelle Wild - scene from `110% Natural #4` (2002)


Cast:
Michelle Wild, Steve Holmes


Sex ingredients:
Talks to camera. Poses & teases. Nude. On bed. Clit solo. 2 fingers solo. Steve Holmes. Eats her. BJ. Titty screwing. Screwing side ways, rev cowgirl, cowgirl. 69 her on top. Screwing on her back. 4 fingers her. Screwing. Open mouth facial. Swallows.


Scene review:
We start off with Miss Wild and she speaks English to us and in her accent it sounds fucking awesome!! Plus Michelle does lots of teasing before finally showing off those twin puppies of hers. If your dick isn't getting rock hard viewing this or your pussy moist then something must be wrong!!! The scene moves inside and we get more awesome footage of Michelle's killer body. She even plays with her pussy and the close shots of her stroking fingers across her inviting slit was such a turn on and Michelle really sells it!!! I don`t see how you could hold your load much longer and we haven't even seen her suck cock yet!! This solo action is quite hot but we want this lovely to suck some manmeat already and lo and behold Steve Holmes shows up and this frequent partner of Michelles gets in some nice kissing with this beauty. Soon he has buried his face deep between her gorgeous thighs and we get some stellar pussy licking. Michelle is a very good oral technician and soon enough she is swallowing Steve's cock and giving killer lustful looks to the camera. Steve also probes her moist cookie with several fingers. There is also some vigorous titty fucking for Michelle. As for the rest of the sexual positions we see scissors-- very hot and fast also showing off those spectacular melons, reverse cowgirl-- this girl was born to do this postion and it looked simply awesome , cowgirl-- this also was hard and fast also showing off her great tushy, and there is a 69 shot with Michelle on top, mish-- good steady pounding with superb breast views, doggy-- great full view of her pussy as it gets pounded hard, RC-- and there is a 2nd go round in this position and it still looks sexy as hell, mish-- return engagement for this position as well and it leads to the popshot which is better than I have read about with Michelle showing off the load a couple times before swallowing it. She gives excellent cleanup. Steve and Michelle have performed together numerous times and their great chemistry comes across easily making the enjoyment factor increase a whole bunch!! I just hope RLD is fortunate to use Michelle again as this rare non-Private scene was a real treat.


Duration:  26:52  mins.
Format:  .avi
Resolution:  448 x 336  




SCREENS:
 
http://www.jam-hot.com/details.php?id=10114




For more nush-nush: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/deirdre1987/






.