RUNTiME.........: 97 Minutes        
AUDiO BiTRATE...: 192 kBit/s AC3 DD 2.0 Dual Mono at 48KHZ, EN  
AUDiO2 BiTRATE..: 192 kBit/s AC3 DD 2.0 at 48KHZ, EN Commentary             
Resolution - 656 x 480
Codec - Xvid 1.1 Qpel, BVop, Qf=0.217
Extras - making of

Seeking a creative challenge after several years' worth of fairly elaborate
 melodramas, director Alfred Hitchcock stages all of the action in Lifeboat in
 one tiny boat, adrift in the North Atlantic. The boat holds eight survivors
 of a Nazi torpedo attack: sophisticated magazine writer/photographer Tallulah
 Bankhead, communistic-seaman John Hodiak, nurse Mary Anderson, mild-mannered
 radio-operator Hume Cronyn, seriously wounded Brooklynese stoker William
 Bendix, insufferable-capitalist Henry Hull, black-steward Canada Lee and
 half-mad passenger Heather Angel, who carries the body of her dead baby. This
 adroitly calculated cross-section of humanity is reduced by one when Ms.
 Angel kills herself. After a day or so of floating aimlessly about, the
 castaways pick up another passenger, Walter Slezak, who is a survivor from
 the German U-boat. At first everyone assumes that Slezak cannot speak English,
 but when the necessity arises he reveals himself to be conversant in several
 languages and highly intelligent; in fact, he was the U-boat's captain. As the
 only one on board with any sense of seamanship, Slezak steers a course to his
 mother ship, while the others resign themselves to being prisoners of war.
 After it becomes necessary to amputate Bendix's leg, Slezak decides that the
 burly stoker is excess weight; while the others sleep, he tosses Bendix
 overboard, watching dispassionately as the poor man drowns. When the rest of
 the passengers discover what he's done, all of them (with the significant
 exception of Lee) violently gang up on Slezak, and once more, the lifeboat
 drifts about sans navigation. If you're wondering how Hitchcock was able to
 make his characteristic cameo appearance in Lifeboat keep an eye on that
 newspaper in the closing scenes. 

          Director ..........  Alfred Hitchcock 

          Tallulah Bankhead .  Constance 'Connie' Porter          
          William Bendix ....  Gus Smith    
          Walter Slezak .....  Willy      
          Mary Anderson .....  Alice MacKenzie 
          John Hodiak .......  John Kovac 
          Henry Hull ........  Charles D. 'Ritt' Rittenhouse 
          Heather Angel .....  Mrs. Higgins 
          Hume Cronyn .......  Stanley 'Sparks' Garrett
          Canada Lee ........  George 'Joe' Spencer