Soldiers: Heroes of World War 2 (c) Codemasters
09/2005: RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION: Starforce
3: DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE: Strategy

Soldiers - Heroes of World War II drops you into the heart of the most
intense WWII combat-action. Take control of the most elite American
British, German or Russian forces ever to impact on the war-zone. Up against
overwhelming odds, you must complete your missions incorporating stealth
guile, speed and aggression
Mission objectives include blowing railway tracks, kidnapping enemy
officers, destroying convoys. Be warned that much of this activity will
take place behind enemy lines!
Command troops by either using group control RTS style'point and click'
commands or by using the direct control feature for individual units
providing a more realistic and precise style of play. The choice is yours
Use the fully interactive environment, tools and equipment around you to
complete your objective, the way you want to complete it. Maximise the
effectiveness of your squad by assigning tasks relevant to their individual
skills. As long as you keep your men alive, you can do whatever it takes to
secure victory... nothing is pre set
The cunning AI means that the enemy will attack information; retreat if
necessary; look for cover; ambush you, and even flank you. Think on your
feet or your mission will end in a hail of flame and bullets
With four campaigns covering the Russian, German and Allies, you'll be
spoilt with choice for weapons, vehicles and men. To find out more about
the Campaigns, click through on the following link

http://www.codemasters.co.uk/soldiers/index.php

Extra Note:

We added a seperate CD for the crack and the latest update, since it
would be impossible to make them fit on either CD1 or CD2

1. Unrar
2. Burn or mount with daemon tools
3. Install the game
4. Install the soldiers_mp_combat_upgrade128.exe from CD3
5. Copy over the cracked content from the /Crack dir on CD3 to your
installation directory
6. Play the game

" Now hiring Talented Coders (asm) and Crackers: rld@inbox.lv "

| This release passed the wonderfull gates of |
| You dont know? then we dont say :) |
| --[Title: Soldiers.Heroes.of.World.War.2-RELOADED]-- | [Date: September 15 2005 at 06:46:01 PM].