Introduced  in  1972  with  its ""Blue Meanie"" version (not even 
        100  were  built),  the  ARP  2600  has evolved over the years to 
        become  a synthesizer celebrated by the most respected musicians. 
        Capable  of  creating  amazing sounds thanks to the exclusive ARP 
        technologies,  it  can  be  operated  with or without patch cords 
        since  all  of  the  functions  are  internally  wired and can be 
        controlled via sliders and switches. 
                  
        With   the   ARP2600  V,  Arturia  brings  this  powerful  analog 
        synthesizer  back  to  life.  Offering  all  the  features of the 
        original  version, Arturia has added innovative functions such as 
        MIDI  control,  polyphony, and -hidden behind the speaker panels- 
        revolutionary   tracking   generators   and  additional  effects. 
                  
        The  ARP2600  V  is  loaded  with more than 400 presets made by a 
        selection  of  top  artists  and musicians. Fully compatible with 
        the  main  protocols  (VST,  RTAS,  DXI...)  and  systems  in the 
        industry,  it can be used as stand-alone software or as a virtual 
        instrument. 
                  
                  
                  
        Features: 
        --------- 
                  
                  
                  
        No aliasing from 0.1 Hz to 16 kHz. 
                  
        96 kHz and up to 64 bits floating point. 
                  
        More  than  400  presets,  designed  by  industry  professionals. 
                  
        Playable through a MIDI keyboard. 
                  
        3  voltage-controlled  oscillators.  The  second  oscillator  can 
        modulate   either  the  first  two  oscillators  or  the  filter. 
                  
        Low pass resonant filter. 
                  
        1  LFO  which  can  be  synchronized  on  the  tempo  of the host 
        sequencer. 
                  
        1 Sample and Hold. 
                  
        Env 1: ADSR; Env 2: AR ; 1 Envelope Follower. 
                  
        1 Ring modulator. 
                  
        1 ARP original sequencer. 
                  
        Stereo output. 
                  
        A  Tracker  / interactive LFO exclusive module allowing to create 
        new kinds of modulations in real time. 
                  
        ARP2500  multimode  12 db filter including the very special notch 
        / low shell filter combination. 
                  
        Possibility to synchronize Osc2 on Osc1. 
                  
        1 Chorus. 
                  
        1 Stereo Delay to be synchronized via MIDI. 
                  
        Updated  voltage  processors  that  you  can  now  use  either as 
        inverters, mixers or lag processors. 
                  
        New keyboard following management. 
                  
        Polyphony   from  2  to  32  voices  with  Unison  possibilities. 
                  
        Absolutely  pure  and  top  quality sound, just like the original 
        ARP 2600 sound. 
                  
                  
                  
        more info available at: 
                  
        http://www.arturia.com/