Genre:  Pop
Style:	Dance

Christian Falk :  Quel Bordel
Date of Release: 1999 06 22

Swedish DJ/producer Christian Falk began his musical career under the alias "Falcon" when he played bass with two of Sweden's most highly-regarded bands: the legendary 80's punk group Imperiet and 90's soul/funk/jazz collective Blacknuss backing artists like Richard Lloyd and Marty Wilson-Piper during the 1980s.  He is also respected for his work as a writer, producer and remixer, collaborating with such artists as Neneh Cherry, Youssou N'Dour, Shabba Ranks and Robyn. Falk combined his musical background with the rising popularity of dance music in the '90s, becoming a producer for dance-pop acts like Robyn, for whom he arranged, produced, and remixed tracks on her enormously popular debut album, Robyn Is Here. For a while he was based in New York, working with Puff Daddy and becoming the first producer to work with The Notorious B.I.G.

Falk left NYC and returned to Sweden, and in 1999 out came "Quel Bordel", his first solo album. Falk himself contributes with bass, keyboards and programming. It features vocalists like Robyn ("Remember"), Titiyo ("Celebration") and Neneh Cherry on "Moody". The house track "Leave me" enjoys the style of Ruffneck's Yavahn, and Minneapolis soul singer Jevetta Steele reinvigorates her own "Calling You", originally on the soundtrack for movie Baghdad Cafe. The songs evolved from meetings with the singers, and they showcase his remarkable range of musical skills and styles. He created his own world of music, in what he called a "musical love bomb".

"Quel Bordel" won the Swedish Grammy Awards for Best Album, Best Producer and Best Modern Dance. It also crossed over internationally, the single "Make It Right" feat. Demetrius topped the US Dance Chart and made it to the UK Top 10 Singles Chart.


Tracklisting:

1.	Remember
2.	Leave Me
3.	Calling You
4.	Moody
5.	Make It Right
6.	Inside Your Love
7.	Twisted in the Wind
8.	Daylight
9.	Celebration
10.	Quel Bordel


Encoded with lame 3.97 -V4 --vbr-new (~170 kbit/s) and should be close to perceptual transparency.


Kids, always remember Xenu is your friend.

www.xenu.net

 
