For PSP

Car theft in Long Beach went down 47% when Randall "Memphis" Raines walked away from the life. He gets dragged back into it by assuming the job his brother Kip screwed up for stolen-car broker Raymond Calitri: steal 50 exotic cars and have them on a container ship by 8 AM Friday morning, and he got this news on a Monday. With Calitri threatening to kill him and Kip, and the police GRAB unit breathing down his neck, Memphis reassembles his old crew and attempts to pull off the logistically impossible.  Written by Jeff Cross {blackjac_1998@yahoo.com}

Memphis Raines must return to the world of auto theft after his brother breaches a contract with a Russian crime lord to deliver high end cars. Memphis must get a gang together for a one night 'boost' to grab all the cars while avoiding apprehension by the auto theft cop who trailed him years before. Written by FMJ_Joker

Kip Raines, a young car thief, was contracted to steal 50 specific cars but something went wrong. Now the man who hired him, Raymond Calitri, wants his head. When his brother, Memphis, once a great car thief, who retired a few years ago, learns of this, he comes back to town to see if he can help his brother. The only thing that will appease Calitri is if the order is fulfilled. So Memphis has to assemble his old crew, and he has to do the job in a few days. And a cop who hounded him, upon learning of his return, is keeping an eye on him. And another car thief, whom he competed with before wants to get the Calitri job, and is telling Memphis to back off, but he won't. Written by rcs0411@yahoo.com

Legendary car thief/booster Randall "Memphis" Raines (Nicolas Cage) retired from the criminal life in 1995. Now five years later after Auto Thieft in the greater Los Angeles/Long Beach district went down by 47%, his brother, Kip Raines (Giovanni Ribisi) takes over "the job", employed by British car broker Raymond Calitri. When one night Kip messes up stealing some cars, Memphis gets called back to the life he got out of. His most impossible mission: Steal 50 exotic cars all over Los Angeles and Long Beach and deliver them to Long Beach Harbor, Pier 14 by 8:00am, Friday morning, on the button, or watch Calitri kill Kip. And so Memphis, with the help of longtime friend Otto Halliwell (Robert Duvall) reassembles his old crew which includes sexy Sara "Sway" Wayland" (Academy award-winner Angelina Jolie), a renegade white-haired mechanic by day, bartender by night, to pull off the biggest mission ever. The only problem is the LAPD G.R.A.B. (Governor's Regional Auto Bureau) is on the lookout and Dt. Roland Castlebeck (Delroy Lindo) and his partner are keeping close eyes on Memphis and his team. Can the team pull this assignment off and collect $200,000 in cash? Will Kip finally realize that car boosting is dangerous? And can Memphis escape Castlebeck and the cops? It's a long shot, but they may have a chance. Cut to the chase. Written by Christopher Howell (Ckh87520@aol.com) 