Not so long ago, I posted a 40 min. file with Benjamin Freedmans speech at the Willard Hotel in Washington, D.C 1961 assuming it was complete. It was not! I have downloaded several files from edonkey with this speech - none of them complete. And no transcript on the internet seems to be complete either. But luckily, I found two incomplete files on edonkey and by crossreferencing them with a couple of incomplete transcripts, I've been able to accurately reproduce the entire speech (and transcript), except for the last two sentences in the question and answers session at the end of this file. So everybody HAIL the edonkey and conspiracy central! 

I know at least a couple of sites on the internet has picked up my file and postet it. Most notably Daryl Smith (www.iamthewitness.com) and http://100777.com . I urge you to remove it and get this instead. I've spent the better half of a day cleaning out noise and piecing this speech together in it's full lenght (almost - the last two sentences are missing). I've left plenty of headroom in this file for reencoding, but you shouldn't go below 20 kb/s at 16.000 hz. Enjoy!


Introductory Note  -- Benjamin H. Freedman was one of the most intriguing and amazing individuals of the 20th century.

Mr. Freedman, born in 1890, was a successful Jewish businessman of New York City who was at one time the principal owner of the Woodbury Soap Company. He broke with organized Jewry after the Judeo-Communist victory of 1945, and spent the remainder of his life and the great preponderance of his considerable fortune, at least 2.5 million dollars, exposing the Jewish tyranny which has enveloped the United States.

Mr. Freedman knew what he was talking about because he had been an insider at the highest levels of Jewish organizations and Jewish machinations to gain power over our nation. Mr. Freedman was personally acquainted with Bernard Baruch, Samuel Untermyer, Woodrow Wilson, Franklin Roosevelt, Joseph Kennedy, and John F. Kennedy, and many more movers and shakers of our times.

This speech was given before a patriotic audience in 1961 at the Willard Hotel in Washington, D.C., on behalf of Conde McGinley's patriotic newspaper of that time, Common Sense.  Though in some minor ways this wide-ranging and extemporaneous speech has become dated, Mr. Freedman's essential message to us -- his warning to the West -- is more urgent than ever before. -- K.A.S. ---