Action / Adventure / Drama / War 
 


Tagline:N/A

Plot Outline:
"Flyboys," the first World War I aviation film in over 40 years, is inspired by the epic, courageous tale of the American young men who would become known as the legendary Lafayette Escadrille. They were ordinary boys who volunteered for the first World War looking for adventure, and in the process, they became heroes. Never before has a movie so accurately portrayed the thrill and danger of the aerial dogfights that played such an integral role in the Allied resistance.

In 1917, prior to the official entry into the war by the United States, the Allied powers of France, England and Italy were on the ropes against the German juggernaut. Some altruistic young Americans volunteered to fight alongside their counterparts in France. Some joined the infantry, others chose the Ambulance Corps. But 38 young men had a different idea: they decided to learn how to fly.

Their motivations for enlisting may have been different: Blaine Rawlings (James Franco) is searching for his purpose following the bank's foreclosure of his family ranch, Briggs Lowry (Tyler Labine) is shamed into joining by his disciplinarian father, while African-American expatriate boxer Eugene Skinner (Abdul Salis) vows to repay his debt to his adopted, racially-tolerant country. But under the command of French Captain Thenault (Jean Reno) and the leadership of American veteran Reed Cassidy (Martin Henderson), these young American men took to the air with honor everyday as they risked their lives, not just in facing the formidable German aggressors, but also in boarding their newly-invented, mechanically-imperfect aircraft, which were being used in combat for the first time.

Inspired by the true story of the legendary Lafayette Escadrille, "Flyboys" is directed by Academy Award ┬«-winner Tony Bill ("The Sting") and produced by Dean Devlin ("The Patriot," "Independence Day," "Stargate") and Marc Frydman (ABC's "Commander in Chief"). James Franco ("Spiderman," "Spiderman 2") stars with Marin Henderson ("The Ring") and Jean Reno ("The Da Vinci Code").


Cast:

        James Franco	 ... 	Blaine Rawlings
	Scott Hazell	... 	Cinema Usher
	Mac McDonald	... 	Sheriff Detweiller

	Philip Winchester	... 	William Jensen

	Todd Boyce	... 	Mr. Jensen

	Michael Jibson	... 	Lyle Porter
	Karen Ford	... 	Mrs. Jensen
	Ruth Bradley	... 	Laura
	Abdul Salis	... 	Eugene Skinner
	Tim Pigott-Smith	... 	Mr. Lowry
	Tyler Labine	... 	Briggs Lowry
	Gail Downey	... 	Mrs. Lowry

	David Ellison	... 	Eddie Beagle

	Jean Reno	... 	Captain Thenault
	Augustin Legrand	... 	L.T. Giroux

 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0454824

Format:Bin/Cue
Sample:N/A
Source:aXXo
Chapters Every:10minutes
Runtime:79:03.53
Size:798MB
Video:MPEG1/NTSC/352x240/2530fps
Audio:2/44.1kHz/160kbps/Stereo

tracked by:Piratebay

