 http://down.so-king.com:8080/SERVER%205/969%20Native.Instruments.Komplete.4.VSTi.DXi.RTAS.PC.ONLY%208%20DVD/
 
http://www.so-king.com/soft/views.asp?hw_id=969
 
http://www.so-king.com/soft/hot.asp

   
http://www.so-king.com/soft/help.asp?id=5
  
http://down.so-king.com:8080/ 

server 1 


server 2 


server 3 


server 4 


server 5 


server 6
      
HTTP://WWW.SO-KING.COM/SOFT 

KOMPLETE 4 is the ultimate bundle for musicians and producers. Twelve ground-breaking synthesizers, samplers, emulations, effects and a virtual guitar studio turn computer-based set-ups into truly comprehensive, professional production suites. 

KOMPLETE 4 means unlimited creative freedom in all situations: live performance, music production, instrument and sound design. Over 8,500 presets and 4 sample libraries totalling over 50 GB offer a wealth of material to start with straight away!
KOMPLETE 4 includes the following instruments:
REAKTOR 5 - fully modular sound design studio 
ABSYNTH 4 - synthesizer with unrivalled sonic potential 
GUITAR RIG 2 Software - guitar amps, cabinets and effects emulation 
KONTAKT 2 - the ultimate next-generation sampler 
BATTERY 3 - the pioneering drum sample expert 
AKOUSTIK PIANO - 3 famous grands and 1 upright 
ELEKTRIK PIANO - four legendary electric stage pianos 
B4 II - the award-winning tonewheel organ emulation 
FM8 - radically expanded FM synthesizer 
PRO-53 - the perfect emulation of an analog synth classic 
VOKATOR - the new dimension in vocoding 
NI-SPEKTRAL DELAY - unique FFT-based delay effect 
Please note:
KOMPLETE 4 includes the GUITAR RIG software but not the RIG KONTROL hardware controller. The RIG KONTROL 2 is available separately in the NI Online Shop. 
All products included within a single edition of KOMPLETE 4 are part of one user license and can only be used as a single entitiy on a maximum of 2 computers. The individual products cannot be resold seperatley. 
KOMPLETE 4 requires immediate activation after installation 
The sampling instruments INTAKT and KOMPAKT are no longer part of KOMPLETE, and will be discontinued as individual products effectively immediately. Comparable functionality is provided by the more powerful KONTAKT 2 and BATTERY 3 samplers. 
 Win XP, Pentium or Athlon 1.4 GHz, 512 MB RAM 
  
DVD drive 
Specific requirements vary depending on the individual program. 

Includes twelve award-winning software products in their full versions: synthesizers, instrument emulations, samplers, and effects 
Huge selection of presets covering the entire musical spectrum ? all ready to play 
All 8,500 presets have been categorized as KoreSounds? and pre-configured for use with KORE 
Suited for live performance, music production, instrument and sound design 
High-quality audio engines deliver perfect sound quality 
Includes sample libraries with over 50 GB of professional samples 
Sound generation and effect processing in real-time 
Intuitive control interfaces for fast and efficient workflows 
All instruments run stand-alone, ideal for live performances on stage 
Supports all major plug-in and sample formats for perfect integration in all professional recording environments 
