Only Fools and Horses-Season 7

Episode 01.The Sky's the Limit					(50 Mins)
Episode 02.The Chance of a Lunchtime				(50 mins)
Episode 03.Stage Fright						(50 Mins)
Episode 04.Class of 62						(50 Mins)
Episode 05.He Aint Heavy He's My Uncle				(50 Mins)
Episode 06.Three Men a Woman and a Baby				(50 Mins)
Episode 07.Miami Twice - american dream (Movie) Part 1		(2h.20.Mins)
Episode 08.Miami Twice - oh to be in England (Movie) Part 2	(as above)
Episode 09.Mother Nature's Son  "MPEG 4"			(1h 4 Mins)
Episode 10.Xmas Special-Fatal Extraction			(1h.23.Mins)


Episode 08.Miami Twice - oh to be in England is Part 2 of the movie.

The characters, the script, the ideas, just seemed to flow in a unique way. Sullivan was now into 

writing the 50 minutes episodes and it led to some great stories such as the episode opener Sky's the 

Limit and followed with some other great episodes

Another plus was the idea of bringing back other characters like Roy Slater in Class of '62 as well as 

introducing some great new ones like Tony Angelino in Stage Fright


Brief: Del Boy and Rodney haven't been in Miami a day yet they bumped into these nice 'Family' boys at 

the night club and they can stay with them. What they don't know is that there is a Godfather 

involved; Don Ochetti, and they are expendable. On the run in the Everglades is not fun, but maybe 

they will bump into someone they know! 

At Damien Trotter's christening (much to Rodney's horror), Del strikes a cushdy deal with the Vicar to 

sell pre-blessed wine around the country.
Rodney is living with Del and Albert on week days, and with Cassandra at weekends, on the advice of a 

Relate councillor.
Del organises a 'two for one' holiday for the Trotter clan, knowing full well that Cassandra will not 

be able to make it. When the brothers arrive in Miami, the family of mafioso boss Vincenzo Ochetti 

spot Del - who bears a striking resemblance to their Don.
Soon realising they are not simply being shown American hospitality, Del and Rodney flee... aided and 

abetted by Boycie, Marlene and their baby Tyler who are also in the states.
Upon a safe return to Peckham, they find dozens of crates of wine, which were deemed unfit for Holy 

Communion.