The film begins at the table tennis finals of the 1988 Olympics. Randy Daytona (Brett Delbuono), 12, is the American hero. He is anxious, which increases when his father (played by Robert Patrick of The Unit) says that he bet on him despite his original promise not to. His opponent is Karl Wolfschtagg (Thomas Lennon of Reno 911!) from the German Democratic Republic. During the intense first point, Daytona runs back too far, hits his head on the table and is knocked unconscious. His father is murdered by the people he bet with.

19 years later, Daytona, (Dan Fogler), is working at a Reno casino, doing a table tennis routine. After getting fired, Ernie Rodriguez (George Lopez) and two other FBI agents approach him and request his assistance in taking down the criminal Feng (Christopher Walken). He agrees, but finds that he is out of shape, having last played at the 1988 Olympics. They apprentice him under a blind teacher named Wong (James Hong) and his niece Maggie (Maggie Q). Daytona needs to win some championships in order to be noticed by Feng's scouts, as his tournament is by invitation only.

Training goes well until some people vandalize Master Wong's house. Both Maggie and Wong claim that this is because there is an edict against teaching white people like Daytona the sport of table tennis. They say that the only way to solve this is to defeat The Dragon in a table tennis game. Daytona agrees. He beats The Dragon (who turns out to be a little girl), who takes the loss to heart and ends up punching Daytona in the groin.

Feng's men take note of Daytona's victory and invite him to participate. He, Rodriguez, and Wong take off for the tournament the very next day.

Daytona does well during the competition, handily beating his opponents. He becomes afraid when he discovers that the "sudden death" format of the tournament is exactly that ? everyone who loses is shot with a poisoned dart and killed. Feng invites him out on a tour of the facility. He attempts to convince him to join his club; Feng was also apprenticed by Wong, but he dropped out. He says it would be the ultimate satisfaction to win Daytona away from Wong. Feng also shows Daytona his specially-modified ping pong table, which is wired to give electrical shocks when one side loses a point.

Upon learning that Wolfschtagg is his opponent, he tells Rodriguez that he wants to get out. Rodriguez agrees to this, and breaks Daytona's arm before he can tell him that he's changed his mind. Wolfschtagg is declared the winner of the tournament. However, Feng discovers Rodriguez's attempts to contact the FBI and forces Daytona to face Maggie Wong in battle, and Feng kills Wolfschtagg with a poisoned dart. As he is in love with her, they keep playing back-and-forth until Feng breaks up the battle. The FBI swarms the place, causing chaos. Daytona goes down to lead Feng's hostages to safety, but is stopped by Feng.

Feng and Daytona agree to a match using Feng's wired table in order to see who is the best. During the game, Daytona appears to win the point, but he gets shocked instead. Feng reveals that he changed the rules ? that the player with the last bounce wins the point. The game escalates. As the facility is about to blow up, both players hit the ball out of the room and eventually take the game out to the rope bridge over the river, adjacent to the facility. Daytona loses the point and nearly falls into the river. Master Wong, on a boat, reminds Daytona that Feng only completed half of his training. With this knowledge, Daytona serves to Feng's under-developed backhand. Feng lunges for the ball, misses, falls into the river and is electrocuted.

In the movie's final scene, all are reunited at Master Wong's newly redeveloped training center, with Rodriguez attempting to learn the sport under Maggie's tutelage. The Dragon returns to give Daytona a gift and tell him there are no hard feelings. Upon lowering his guard, she kicks him in the groin and declares (in Chinese): "This is not over yet, whitey!"

Master Wong wanders off, reflecting on the fact that a true champion's instincts must always be sharp, that he must be in constant awareness of his surroundings - at which point he falls through the open elevator shaft, and the movie ends with Rodriguez, Maggie, and Daytona reflecting on the need for a gate in front of the shaft, especially with a blind man walking around.

!!!!!!!!!!PLEASE SEED WHEN DONE!!!!!!!!!!!