Yes, well, I know what I said....
Take them or leave them, up to you.

1. Robert Plant & Alison Krauss - Sister Rosetta Goes Before Us 
                               (Due to the fusion with Alison is this Robert's most
                                succesful attempt at "softer" music since his 
                                Honeydrippers)
2. Joe Henry - Parker's Mood   (One of the best albums of the year for me)
3. Fink - If Only              (This is another contender for best album of 2007)
4. The Weakerthans - Hymn Of The Medical Oddity
5. Jens Lekman - Sipping On The Sweet Nectar  (Jens at his best. What can you say?)
6. Marc Broussard - You Met Your Match    (Who said that white men can't sing R&B?)
7. John Fogerty - Summer Of Love (You have to give him credit.....please...)
8. Marc Olson - Tears From Above
9. Seventeen Evergreen - Lunar One
10. José Gonzalez - How Low    (Yep, it's definitely a contender for best album)
11. Robert Wyatt - Stay Tuned  (Robert has still lost his marbles. But please don't 
                                help him find them!!)
12. Chris Robely - Culture Jammer
13. Foreign Born - Into Your Dream
14. Georgie James - Need Your Needs
15. Cut Off Your Hands - You And I
16. Neil Young - The Way       (It's good music, but I've heard it before, Neil.)
17. Phonograph - Charles Bircher
18. West Indian Girl - To Die In L.A.
19. Something For Rockets - Stuck In Neutral
20. Gloria Estefan - Caridad   (Yes, it's Gloria Estefan and I'm not going mental.
                                This is a great album. It really is!! If you like
                                Buena Vista Social Club then you will like this ten
                                times better. You just can't sit still.)
21. Roisin Murphy - Overpowered (Difficult to choose from all these good songs...
                                 because they all more or less sound the same. 
                                 A very good album, but no surprises.)

That's it for now. If I feel like it I'll do another one.
Don't forget to check out Shankly!
Bluegamba.