Porn downloader

This program assists you in downloading adult related materials. It will automatically download pictures and videos from a wide variety of publicly availiable adult sites.

In order to use it, you mark of one or more of 160 different categories you would like, and wheter you want videos or pictures. Or maybe both?

Then select how many series you would like to download. A serie usually contain about 15 pictures or 5 videos. When you have selected, press 'Start' and wait a few minutes. The pictures and videos will be downloaded, and are ready for your enjoyment. Then open the included pictureviewer or a mediaplayer and see what the program has fetched for you.

By automatically download the material by use of this program you will not expose your computer to the risks of potentially unsafe websites. You will neither have to struggle thru blind-links, pop-ups or spyware infested sites.

This program does not contain viruses, spyware, adware or anything similar. It will not send any information about you, your computer or your usage. Your privacy is valuable. We will not abuse it.

If you have any questions or comments, please email zzaph.com @ gmail.com Feel free to spread this program. But include all files, and do not modify the program or its parts..

FAQ

What does the program cost?
Absolutely nothing. It is freeware, completely without screens nagging for donations, 30 day limits or similar. Use it as long as you want completely free.

How do you make money?
Well, at least not from this program. We would appriciate a donation if you like the program. Please press the Paypal button below, or send us an email to arrange other forms of donations if you like it.

How can I contact you?
The easiest way is thru the email-adress zzaph.com@gmail.com

What are the categories availiable?
Currently there are over 400 availiable. See a complete list here.

Does the program contain spyware, adware, virus or other similarly unwanted stuff?
Of course not. We do not like that on our machines, and would not give that to others. Would anyone donate if we infested their machine?

Can I change the graphics of the program?
Sure. Please let us know if you do. We would like to get in touch with someone that can give the program a better look. If you want to give it a try, just update the jpgs and the rvsc-file. Send us a mail if you need some more help.

I select among the 'straight' categories, but end up getting a few pictures of 'ladies' with dicks. What's up with that?
The program does not look at the pictures/videos. It only searches the net for them. So, if the websites that contains the pictures says straight, the program will believe it and download it. However, some categories as brazilian and asian have a higher probability of also containing such material.

Why does Internet Explorer open an article for me when the program starts downloading?
Downloading can take a while. So, instead of wasting your time waiting, we provide you with an informative article. Most of them come from Wikipedia, so you should read them. You might learn something new.

I want a version of Zzaph, where the user gets to visit my site/read one of my articles instead of the Wikipedia ones. How?
No problem. Sign up for the affiliate program, and the users will see your website.

Where do I sign up for the affiliate program?
Install Zzaph and select the drop-down menu.

I have some more questions about the affiliate program, or some special needs. What do I do?
Send us an email at zzaph.com@gmail.com.

How does the program look?
See a screenshot here.

How do I use Zzaph
You can find the instructions here.

I know the program has a built-in picture-viewer. What about a player for the videos?
As of now, that is not a part of the program. A good player (that is free) is Media Player Classic. It can play almost anything, and can also play all the video-clips as one long film.

I don't like the built in slideshow function. Do you know a good (and free) picture-organizer.
Google has a program called Picasa. It's not perfect, but a lot better than most other freeware out there. Click the link at the bottom of this page for download.

I forgot the password? What now?
See the troubleshooting below.

This sounds great. But, my family uses this computer. I cannot install something like this.
Actually you can. Enable the password-protection, rename the shortcuts to the program and delete the download-folder after you are done, and nobody will ever be able to use or understand what the program does.

I really need help now. Can I call for support?
Sorry. We do not provide phone-support. But, you might try to reach us thru AIM. The account is Zzaphcom@aol.com. If nobody is online, please use the email zzaph.com@gmail.com.

Troubleshooting

Msvcr71.dll Error
Please download the msvcr71.dll file and put it into your Windows folder. You can find the file here. More info can be found at Microsofts site.

The password-function locks me out? What now?
To reset the password you have to open the startmenu of Windows. Select the run command, and type 'regedit'. Then select hkey_local_machine, then software, then zzaph, and finally Login. Then look in the right side of the program, where you will see 'Default'. Select 'Default' and click the right mousebutton and select Modify. Then, remove the value data and press ok.

If you start Zzaph again now, the password-protection should be removed. You can then enter a new password if you would like.

The program shows this: "Error: Cannot download videos."
This error might show, even when you are just downloading pictures. Try the following steps:

1) Check that you have bandwidth. If you use Zzaph at the same time as Bit Torrent, Kazaa and similar, Zzaph usually looses the fight for bandwidth. So, try to restart the computer, without starting other programs. Then run Zzaph again.

2) If the bandwidth is not the case, try to change the category. For some strange reason, there are some adresses that simply will stall the program. If that's whats happening, please restart the program, and change category.

3) Thirdly, if you have selected a lot of categories, the program might show errors. Then, restart the program, and select only one category. Also adjust the number of galleries wanted. That also might help.

The program freezes. Why?
Actually it has most likely not frozen for real. There are some glitches that have to be fixed with the program. The graphics is one of them. The problem is that when the program is doing certain tasks, the graphics are not updated. So, when it looks like it is freezing, most likely it is downloading. Or, if has been working for a while, it is freezing when the duplicates are removed. So, just let it work for a little more. Check the directory c:/zzaph if there are any files/directories there. The program should unfreeze after some time.....

If you have other questions, or need more help, please send us an email at zzaph.com@gmail.com, and we will do our best to help.

*www.zzaph.com*


Hope you have fun with this torrent...