Buena Vista Social Club presents Luis Manuel 'Guajiro' Mirabal 
World Circuit
2004 

BVSC presents Manuel Guajiro Mirabal is a debut album for Mirabal who was not only an integral figure of the Buena Vista series of releases, but for decades his trumpet sound has accompanied many cuban maestros and cuban orchestras or ensembles. For this album, Mirabal is paying tribute to Arsenio Rodriguez, an important figure and inovator in the world of Cuban music. Known as -El Ciego Maravilloso- (The Blind Marvel), Rodriguez was one of the pioneers of the conjunto and by introducing congas, piano and extra trumpets he totally transformed the looks of Cuban music forever. So, the music on this album is based upon Rodriguez's music or is music inspired by this revered figure. The configuration of instruments that Mirabal chooses, three trumpets, tres, guitar, percussion, piano and the roller coaster of lead and backing vocals, presents the classic conjunto configuration. Supported by a great ensemble who previously worked (most of them) on Omara Portuondo's Flor De Amor, this record is providing another adventure in Cuban music. The music is rough, dynamic with brilliant performances by each memeber of this -specially assembled group.- Although it is driven by many tempos and styles it never losses its grip and focus. It kicks off with -El rincon caliente- which sets the scenery to come-impassioned vocals, plenty of rhythms and brilliant brass work. -Para bailar el montuno- is a showcase for Manuel Galban's guitar brushes as well as Papi Oveido's delicate tres playing. -Deuda- features guest vocalist Ibrahim Ferrer who provides emotional vocals and is supported by the trumpet trio comprised of Luis Alemany, Alejandro Pichardo and Guajiro. Polyrhythms just burst throughout the whole record and it never losses the dynamics one has come to expect of these muzos. 

The closing track is -Dombe Dombe- with Guajiro's seductive trumpet lines and delicate piano lines provided by Roberto Fonesca, who is featured prominently, contributing to the music's exotic mood. Nevertheless, this recording is a marvelous mixture of various afro-cuban styles and jazz, but the interplay between the musicians is really the treat of the album.

Nenad Georgievski
All About Jazz 
http://www.allaboutjazz.com/php/article.php?id=17393

Files
01- El Rincon Caliente.mp3
02- Para Bailar El Montuno.mp3
03- Deuda.mp3
04- El Reloj De Pastora.mp3
05- Me Bote De Guano.mp3
06- Mi Corazon No Tiene Quien Lo Llore.mp3
07- Tengo Que Olvidarte.mp3
08- Canta Montero.mp3
09- Chicharronero.mp3
10- No Vuelvo A Moron.mp3
11- Dombe Dombe.mp3
full-credits.txt
release-notes.txt

Album cover encoded in each track (Visible in iTunes, Winamp, others)
Format: MP3, CBR 320 Kbit/s, 44100, stereo. encoders Xing, LAME 3.93.

Enjoy!

Pastafari
Proud Member of the Church of the Flying Spaghetti Monster 
http://venganza.org
