SuperMan Ultimate Collector's - Disc 12

Disc 12: ?Look, Up in the Sky!? is the documentary about the character of Superman produced by Singer and documentarian Kevin Burns. There is probably a little too much overlap between this doc and the next disc. To hear Hollywood?s take on it, Superman is mainly a character in TV and features who first appeared in a comic book. If you want to know anything about Superman?s comic book history, this is the one place on this set you?ll see it dealt with in any way. There are interviews here with DC talent such as Denny O?Neil, Elliot S! Maggin, Mike Carlin, Paul Levitz, Dan Didio and Gail Simone.
But this also is where comics fans (and anyone with an interest in an accurate and truthful record of the history of Superman) should have a big beef: Siegel and Shuster are barely mentioned as part of the story after the publication of Action Comics #1. No mention is made of their feelings of being mistreated by their publisher, their multiple unsuccessful attempts to reclaim the rights to the character, their blacklisting from the comics biz, decades in poverty and the eventual ?curse? they put on the first Superman feature that finally convinced Warner and DC to give them credit and financial support for the remainder of their lives. Neal Adams would have been an ideal interview for this part of the story, given his role in helping Siegel and Shuster (not to mention creator rights as a whole) and the number of excellent Superman comics and stories he drew during this period. There?s not even a mention of the Muhammad Ali vs. Superman special that Adams drew, which is perhaps one of the greatest comic books of all time.
Instead, this semi-official documentary is like a press release, basically going from movie project to movie project and saying directly on several occasions that Superman was out of the mainstream of pop culture when no movie or TV show was in production. The few comic book eras discussed are filler, with more time spent on the death of George Reeves than on the massive contributions of longtime DC editor Mort Weisinger or writers and artists such as Gardner Fox, Curt Swan or Wayne Boring. In fact, as the doc enters the 1970s, it only brings up comic books to illustrate how declining sales showed how badly a movie was needed to prop up the franchise. No mention is made of the 1986 ?Man of Steel? relaunch, no context given to the comics business state in the 1980s or 1990s that is important to understanding the whole ?Death of Superman? story. And no mention is made of the deaths of Siegel and Shuster in 1996 and 1992 respectively.
It also would have been interesting to see more details on the various attempts to make a Superman movie in the 1990s, which is addressed on this disc, but doesn?t get much into the details of those productions and what was wrong with them. Surely, Kevin Smith would have been willing to chime in.
Audio: English Dolby Digital 2.0
SUBTITLES: Spanish, English, Danish, Dutch, Arabic, Finnish, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, Norwegian, Polish, Portuguese, Swedish, Romanian, English for the hearing impaired, Italian for the hearing impaired, German for the hearing impaired.
Aspect Ratio: 2.40:1 , 16:9
Format: DVD9 (FULLDVD)
Compression: Without compression.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SuperMan Ultimate Collector's - Disco 12

DATOS DEL DVD
SISTEMA: PAL
AUDIO: Inglés Dolby Digital 2.0
SUBTÍTULOS: Castellano, Inglés, Danés, Holandés, Árabe, Finlandés, Francés, Alemán, Húngaro, Italiano, Noruego, Polaco, Portugués, Sueco, Rumano, Inglés para sordos, Italiano para sordos, Alemán para sordos.
RELACION DE ASPECTO: 2.40:1 , 16:9
INFO EXTRA: Disco 12. La Increíble Historia de Superman: ¡Mira al Cielo!:
De los cómics a los programas de radio, y de la televisión a convertirse en un éxito cinematográfico mundial.
Desde hace setenta años, el Hombre de Acero ha deleitado a generaciones de fans y ha ayudado a definir el significado de la palabra ?héroe?. Esta historia de la saga de Superman nos muestra los comienzos del personaje y su evolución hasta convertirse en un icono mundial y en el superhéroe más querido de todos los tiempos.
Un maravilloso documental que incluye metraje adicional, tomas falsas y entrevistas exclusivas, Además, podrás disfrutar con escenas ?detrás de las cámaras? y un avance de ?Superman Returns. El regreso?. Si eres un fan de Superman y de sus películas ¡esta es la aventura que estabas esperando!
MÉTODO DE RIPEO
FORMATO: DVD9 => DVD9
COMPRESIÓN: Sin Compresión.
SUBIDA
INFO SUBIDA: ADSL 2+/24H