Wave Arts Power Suite 5.08 (dez/05)

Our critically acclaimed audio plug-ins are now the top of their class, featuring outstanding sound quality, exceptional CPU efficiency, stunning visual interface design, world class customer support, and tremendous value for the money. 

These new v5 plug-ins cover the essential aspects of sound design, tracking, mixing and mastering. They are available in various bundle configurations and individually, so you can choose the combination that best suits your audio needs. 

TrackPlug 5
The ultimate channel strip plug-in, now better than ever! TrackPlug 5 is an all-in-one processor which features a 10-band EQ with several filter types, a brickwall filter section, dual compressors, a gate, sidechain EQs, clean/vintage compression modes, and a peak limiter. Still incorporating Wave Arts' impressive CPU efficiency, you can bring out the best in all of your tracks.

MasterVerb 5
Go from small rooms to vast spaces- create the perfect ambience. MasterVerb 5 is a multiple algorithm reverb that covers all the bases. Now includes early reflection controls, multiple late reverb algorithms (including a true plate reverb) and envelope control. Still the best sounding, most efficient software reverb, now with a vast palette of sounds. 

FinalPlug 5
Tame the peaks in your mix a bit, or squeeze as much volume as possible out if it. FinalPlug 5 provides peak limiting and volume maximizing as well as comprehensive dithering options to make this plug-in specially suited for mastering a final mix. Features a brand new limiting algorithm with auto release control for greater sonic clarity. 

MultiDynamics 5
Powerful multi-band dynamics: use up to six compressors/expanders, each operating in a different frequency range. MultiDynamics 5 has a variety of uses including mastering, noise reduction, volume maximization, and sound design. Now includes clean and vintage compression modes.

Panorama 5
The powerful binaural spatial processor, now available with Power Suite! With Panorama 5 you can create stunning 3-D effects over conventional stereo headphones and speakers. Features sophisticated HRTF, crosstalk cancelling and room modeling DSP technology. 

more info: http://www.wavearts.com/products.html