TTC - The Teaching Company

Introductory lectures on Philosophy and Human Values.
Guidebook included.

Lecture list:

Socrates and the Life of Inquiry
Epicureans, Stoics, Skeptics
Kant and the Path to Enlightenment
Mill on Liberty
Hegel and Modern Life
Nietzsche - Knowledge and Belief
Kierkegaard and the Contemporary Spirit
Philosophy and Post-Modern Culture

Rick Roderick
National University
Ph.D., University of Texas at Austin


Rick Roderick received his bachelor?s degree at the University of Texas at Austin. 
He did post-graduate work at Baylor University and earned his Ph.D. at the 
University of Texas at Austin.

Since 1977, Professor Roderick held teaching positions at Baylor University, the 
University of Texas, Duke University and National University in Los Angeles. His 
areas of specialization were Marx and Marxism, Social and Political Philosophy, 
Critical Theory (Habermas and the Frankfurt School), 19th-Century Philosophy, and 
Contemporary Continental Philosophy. He also taught Ethics, Logic, History of 
Modern Philosophy, Aesthetics, and Existentialism.

Dr. Roderick was the editor of the Baylor Philosophy Journal and a member of the 
Phi Sigma Tau National Honor Society of Philosophy. He was the recipient of the 
Oldright Fellowship at the University of Texas and served as associate editor to 
The Pawn Review and Current Perspectives in Social Theory. He was the author of the 
book Habermas and the Foundation of Critical Theory (1986) as well as numerous 
articles in professional journals. He presented more than 25 papers, and published 
13 reviews and literary criticisms.

Professor Roderick passed away in 2002.

01 - Socrates and the Life of Inquiry.mp3	
02 - Epicureans, Stoics, Skeptics.mp3	
03 - Kant and the Path to Enlightenment.mp3	
04 - Mill on Liberty.mp3	
05 - Hegel and Modern Life.mp3	
06 - Nietzsche - Knowledge and Belief.mp3	
07 - Kierkegaard and the Contemporary Spirit.mp3	
08 - Philosophy and Post-Modern Culture.mp3	
Philosophy and Human Values Course Guidebook.pdf

More related material: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/BhangWalla
