
The Discovery Channel's groundbreaking program uses cutting edge technology--the very same that George Lucas used in making 1999's THE PHANTOM MENACE--to recreate the prehistoric world. Utilizing CGI special effects to bring dinosaurs to life, WHEN DINOSAURS ROAMED AMERICA is appealing to viewers of all ages, as scientifically accurate as it is entertaining.

 
http://dsc.discovery.com/convergence/dinos/dinos.html 
http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0293703/ 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/When_Dinosaurs_Roamed_America


The programme starts with the Late Triassic, following a Coelophysis. It decipts the Coelophysis as being quite meek, hunting down insects and Icarosaurus, dodging Rutiodon, and being driven off by a Traversodon and a Desmatosuchus. Mammals like Morganucodon also appear in the Triassic, but are unsignificant compared to dinosaurs. Then the show moves on to the Early Jurassic and shows a pack of Megapnosaurus hunting for the primitive herbivore Anchisaurus, only to be driven away by a Dilophosaurus.

After that the show goes fast-forward to the Late Jurassic, where Pterodactyl soar while a Ceratosaurus chases a Dryosaurus and its young. The Ceratosaurus catches one baby, while the other Dryosaurus escape by dodging into a herd of Camarasaurus. Meanwhile, as the Dryosaurus are feeding on scraps of the Camarasaurus, the Ceratosaurus is whipped by the tail of a Stegosaurus when it disturbs the Stegosaurus. As the rainy season comes, a herd of Apatosaurus arrive on the scene, followed by a hungry Allosaurus. The Allosaurus can't get past the Apatosaurus's whipping tails, but it manages to catch and eat the Ceratosaurus. Later, as the Apatosaurus leave the area, one Apatosaurus stumbles and is feasted on by some Allosaurus.

The programme then shows the Middle Cretaceous, following a herd of Zuniceratops while they are hunted by a pack of Dromaeosaurus. There are also brief cameos of small Coelurosaurus. One lone Dromaeosaurus tries to attack a Nothronychus, only to be slashed by its long claws. An old male Zuniceratops is attacked by the Dromaeosaurus pack and is fatally wounded. Just as it's time to finish off the old Zuniceratops, a forest fire springs up, and Zuniceratops, Dromaeosaurus, Nothronychus and Coelurosaurus scatter in all directions. But the feasting Dromaeosaurus are trapped in the fire...

The programme explains that Zuniceratops evolve into the famous Triceratops. In the Late Cretaceous, Anatotitan and Triceratops graze, while Ornithomimus peck at small animals in the grasses. Quetzalcoatlus soar overhead, looking for carcasses. A young Tyrannosaurus arrives on the scene, and the Triceratops form a defensive circle. Unable to get past the horns, the Tyrannosaurus turns to a Quetzalcoatlus, which easily flies away from the potential danger. The next day, the young Tyrannosaurus and its siblings are taught by their mother to hunt. They target an Anatotitan, with the young scaring it to the female's hiding place. The Tyrannosaurus kill the Anatotitan, but before they can eat, a meteor slams into earth, rendering dinosaurs extinct... But out of the ashes, several Purgatorius emerge, as the narrator explains how they will one day become humans...


