oldies but ... 






The One Eyed Dude 

 provides you with


:. title .:

.:: F16 Aggressor -.english.rip.-.direct.play.- ::.


:. ripped .:

movies...musix... fix for WinXP (its a bit older!!)



:. About .:

  F-16 Aggressor  is  the  closest  anybody  outside  the  military will get to 
  experiencing flight in the cockpit of the  F-16 Falcon. This highly  accurate
  simulation lets you fly in 40 missions spread  across  4  campaigns in Africa 
  on your PC. With a unique AI system that supports a large variety of missions 
  types and content, you can take out planes, helicopters, trains, boats, roads 
  and buildings with the awesome firepower at your disposal.

:. features .:

  Flight modelling so accurate that  certain  military-only secret features had 
  to be removed.  The ground  modelling  is just as  accurate.  No-one  in  the 
  entertainment business has got anywhere near close. 

  The F-16 Falcon fly-by-wire system is modelled. No other flight-simulation in 
  the entertainment business has done this. 

  The finest graphic representation of the F-16 Falcon yet seen on  the PC. You 
  can actually see the pilot move. See parts on the outside of the plane move! 
  40 exciting missions across 4 campaigns with extraordinary variety.  Fly with 
  wing-men, escort ships, protect troops, go for the hidden objectives! 
  Uniquely detailed AI that controls tanks, helicopters, boats,  trains, planes 
  and cars to demonstrate the most realistic world yet seen in an entertainment 
  flight simulation. 

  Support for a vast array of graphics cards, resolutions and bit-depths.Do you
  have a P90? F-16 Aggressor will run  on it.  Do you have a  PII 266  with all 
  the trimmings? We'll give you 1280x1024 in glorious 32 bit colour. 
  Blow up buildings, roads, planes, boats,  helicopters, tanks, trains, animals 
  and people with your huge arsenal of weaponry! Go on! Do it! 

  Beautifully accurate African landscape that includes highly  detailed terrain 
  from Madagascar,The Rift Valley, Morocco and Ethiopia.You'll actually believe
  you're there! Then you'll blow it all up anyway! 

  as you can see above. this one is a bit older. for those with lowbandwith !!!

(Windows 98/ME/2000/XPsp2)



:. screenshots .:


  http://www.gamespot.com/pc/sim/f16aggressor/images.html?tag=tabs;images



:. Install .: 


1:. Unrar and Double click > Start-F16.bat (must be dont)





and 2nd game is direct.play is





:. title .:


...:: Aladdin's Magic Carpet Racing ::...




:. ripped .:


everything except the game ...


:. About .:


Hold onto your tassels û itÆs magic carpet racing season in the 
mysterious land of Agrabah and the prestigious Agrabah Cup 
is up for grabs! Enter the race as either Aladdin or Princess 
Jasmine and get ready for extreme speed and excitement on 
four thrilling race courses. Aim your magic carpet for the 
power-ups to increase your speed or gain temporary invincibility.
Watch out for JafarÆs evil curses! Collect the SultanÆs gems in the 
Stones of Speed mode or fly through magic rings in the Race of Rings. 
Become the ultimate magic carpet racing champion when you defeat 
Jafar to win the Agrabah Cup!

(Windows 98/ME/2000/XPsp2)



:. Install .: 


1.: Unrar and double click alladin.exe to play game. (no install)

2.: Enjoy!





Special Info Note:

Some virus-scanner recognize the header of packed exe's as a 

lame virus (coz it'sthe mostly byte by byte check error of 'em!.)

This is truly a false information!. so called false positive... 

