NORTON ANTIVIRUS 2005 (c) SYMANTEC                   
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                 RELEASE NOTES:                             
                               	 		                            
                                                                            
                   The world's most trusted antivirus solution
                                                                            

         Symantec's Norton AntiVirus 2005 is the world's most trusted 
         antivirus solution.  It removes  viruses, worms,  and Trojan
         horses automatically--without interrupting your work.
         New  Norton Internet  Worm Protection  blocks  certain  more 
         sophisticated worms (such as Blaster and Sasser) before they 
         enter  your  computer.  Norton  AntiVirus  can  also  detect 
         spyware and other non-virus threats.
         
         
                                 CHECK IT OUT: 
                                                                             
                     http://www.symantec.com/nav/nav_9xnt/                  
                                                                            
                                                                            
                                 INSTALL NOTES                              
                                                                            

                                                                            
	   Now -- DISABLE YOUR INTERNET CONNECTION! --         
	   -- Do NOT enable until install done! --
           Install and use KeyGen to generate a Product Key. 
           Go to product activation and select - activate now, skip         
           registration - it will complain that it can't connect to         
           the symantec servers..... press next until you reach the         
           retry screen & select activate my software by phone. Use         
           keygen once more to get your final unlock code!                                               Restart once more. Now done. Enable Internet connection,
	   run liveupdate (may have to repeat LU 2-4 times!)
