Halloween (1978)

Director: John Carpenter

Writers: John Carpenter (screenplay) and Debra Hill (screenplay)

Genre: Horror / Thriller 

Plot Outline: On Halloween 1963, the small town of Haddonfield is shocked when six-year-old Michael Myers returns from trick-or-treating and for some unknown reason stabs his older sister to death with a big kitchen knife and is found by his parents staring into space with the bloody knife in his hand. Sent to a mental institution, Michael spends the next 15 years just sitting, still staring into space despite the best efforts of his Doctor, Dr. Samuel Loomis. Now, on October 30th 1978, something triggers Michael off and during a storm manages to steal a car from Dr. Loomis and Nurse Marion (who was coming to take Michael to a court to keep him locked up) and goes back to Haddonfield where he steals a white mask. There, Laurie Stode, Micheal's younger sister, finds that Michael is stalking her during the day (at school, at her home etc - but she doesn't know who he is.) As Dr. Loomis arrives and with the Sheriff frantically looks for Michael he doesn't know that Laurie is baby-sitting Lindsey and Tommy and that Laurie's friends Annie, Lynda and Bob are disappearing one by one...

Cast(Cast overview, first billed only)

	Donald Pleasence	... 	Dr. Sam Loomis

	Jamie Lee Curtis	... 	Laurie Strode
	Nancy Kyes	... 	Annie Brackett (as Nancy Loomis)

	P.J. Soles	... 	Lynda van der Klok
	Charles Cyphers	... 	Sheriff Leigh Brackett

	Kyle Richards	... 	Lindsey Wallace
	Brian Andrews	... 	Tommy Doyle
	John Michael Graham	... 	Bob Simms
	Nancy Stephens	... 	Marion Chambers
	Arthur Malet	... 	Graveyard Keeper
	Mickey Yablans	... 	Richie
	Brent Le Page	... 	Lonnie Elamb
	Adam Hollander	... 	Keith
	Robert Phalen	... 	Dr. Terence Wynn
	Tony Moran	... 	Michael Myers (age 23)

Runtime: 91 min

Country: USA

Region: PAL

Language: English 5.1, Spanish 5.1

Subtitles: english and spanish

DvDDecrypter and DvDRebuilder Pro

