Terrorstorm
-----------


The terrorists aren't who you think they are.

Throughout history, criminal elements inside governments have carried out terror attacks against their own populations as a pretext to enslave them. TerrorStorm reveals how, in the last hundred years, Western leaders have repeatedly murdered their own citizens while posing as their saviors.

In TerrorStorm you will discover that September 11th, the attacks of 7/7 in London, and many other terrorist events were self-inflicted wounds. You will witness British Special Forces troops caught in the act of staging terror attacks in Iraq and see official US government documents laying out plans to hijack passenger planes by remote control. You will learn how the Reichstag fire, the Gulf of Tonkin, and the US-backed Iranian coup of 1953 are all interconnected false-flag terror events.

Throughout history, criminal elements inside governments have carried out terror attacks against their own populations as a pretext to enslave them. TerrorStorm reveals how, in the last hundred years, Western leaders have repeatedly murdered their own citizens while posing as their saviors.

In TerrorStorm you will discover that September 11th, the attacks of 7/7 in London, and many other terrorist events were self-inflicted wounds. You will witness British Special Forces troops caught in the act of staging terror attacks in Iraq and see official US government documents laying out plans to hijack passenger planes by remote control. You will learn how the Reichstag fire, the Gulf of Tonkin, and the US-backed Iranian coup of 1953 are all interconnected false-flag terror events.

It delves deeply in to the systems of control which have been scientifically-crafted to imprison their minds and keep their eyes closed to the realities of the world around them.


Special Features

- Over an hour of the most powerful moments from the historic 9/11 & The Neo-Con Agenda Symposium in Los Angeles, California featuring speeches and commentary by world-renowned experts who expose 9/11 as an inside job including:

BYU Physics Professor Steven E. Jones 
Actor and Activist Charlie Sheen 
StarWars Program progenitor Lt. Col. Bob Bowman 
Filmmaker Alex Jones 
9/11 Scholars for Truth Founder James Fetzer 
Terrorism Expert and Historian Webster G. Tarpley 


Run time: 179 minutes 


To Purchase this or other Alex Jones Videos, please visit http://www.infowars.com


------------------------------------------------------------------------

Additional information on September 11th, NWO and the great threat to you can be found at www.infowars.com or www.prisonplanet.com

------------------------------------------------------------------------ 
