FIFA 07 (also known as FIFA Football 07 and FIFA Soccer 07) is the second latest in Electronic Arts' series of football (soccer) simulator video games. Developed by EA Canada, it is published by Electronic Arts. The game was released on 24 September 2006 in Europe, and October 3, 2006 in the United States on GameCube, PC, PlayStation 2, Game Boy Advance, PlayStation Portable, Nintendo DS and Xbox. The Xbox 360 version of the game was released on 27 October 2006 in Europe, and in the United States on October 31, 2006. The next-generation graphics and physics engine used in the Xbox 360 version will be exclusive to the console for a period of 12 months.[1] The tagline for the game is "This is the season".

Game features
The following features are in the game:

More than 510 teams in 27 leagues and 20 countries and over 10,000 licensed players. 
Interactive Leagues: An interactive online league has been introduced which creates interactive versions of the FA Premier League, French Division 1, Bundesliga and the Mexican League. Tracking the weekly real world fixtures, it matches up fans of one club against the fans of that week's fixture. 
More interactive crowds that react to every move during a game. Crowds also sound like the region the player is playing in. Home and away fans react differently to different incidents on the pitch, such as a small corner of the stadium cheering the away support. 
Manager Mode is enhanced to match realistic player experience rates. Players age and gain more experience, which improves their overall rating. 
Improved passing, crossing and free kick techniques and advanced goalkeeper AI. 
Improved shooting techniques that measure up a player's space, composure and technique to decide what will happen to the shot. A new "finesse" shot has been included that requires a lot more space and composure, but has less power, and can curl. 
Manager Mode can be transferred between the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable with a simple USB cable. Manager Mode also features player growth and development, as well as youth training camps to produce more players (with older youth players moving up to the main team). 
New ball physics such as top spin and backspin take into account the pitch, weather and player conditions. The player can add spin to free kicks in different directions, something which was not possible in FIFA '06. 
Ability to create original clubs (not in PSP version) 
Manager Mode money is measured in pounds sterling, euro or US dollars rather than points. 
Like its predecessor, FIFA '07 offers a World XI and a Classic XI, plus a MLS All-Star team. 
FIFA 07 takes into account the kicking strength of each player, which includes a weakness on a player's non-preferred foot. 
New unlockables in the Fan Shop. 

[edit] Leagues
There are a total of 27 leagues available in FIFA '07. There is also an International league that features national football teams, and a Rest of World league that includes other notable clubs from around the world.

