  
          Final Fantasy XII USA UNDUB (c) SQUARE-ENIX
                 hacked by somebody special
  
                    --  Information  --
  
  Origin:   USA+Japan                DVD(S):   1
  Released: December 9th, 2007       Format:   ISO
  Platform: Playstation 2 (PS2)      Files:    62 * 50MB 
  
                    --  Description  --
  
  Here's a treat for those of you who love Japanese RPGs but can't
  stand the increasingly bad english voice jobs!  This UNDUB has
  the USA english text with the original Japanese spoken dialog. 
  
  Enjoy this game the way it was meant to be played!
  
                    -- Release Notes --
  
  Finally I overcame apathy long enough to finish this project. 
  The complicated stuff I coded some time ago but boredom with the
  game was discouraging me from resolving a few problems.

  One issue was that the sound data did not match up perfectly so
  I ended up manually straightening out voices that were missing,
  extra, out of order, etc... 

  If anything is still broken, too bad; I'm tired of looking at it.
  
  Event, battle and movie voices are now Japanese.  Remember to
  enable subtitles in the config.  The narrator and a small number
  of other conversations lacked voices in the JP version so have
  been silenced.
  
  Now that one backburner project is out of the way it would be
  nice to finish Valkyrie Profile 2 as well.  It's all taken care
  of except for some of the battle voices ... sigh.
  
  Anybody able to dump registers/memory from games on real PS2
  hardware?  Please find me. :)
  
  Hackers/coders want to contact me?  Look for a fluffy kitty.
  
                   *** USA PUBLISHERS ***
  
  Please stop ruining your games with such horrible english dubs!
  We are forced to go to extremes like this because you are making
  the games we love unplayable!
  
  Consider multi-language or special-edition releases with the
  original high quality Japanese voices.
