
State of the Planet (PAL)
-------------------------

Genre............: Documentary
Year.............: 2000
Audio............: 2.0 English
Subtitles........: Swedish, Danish, Norwegian, Finnish
Video Format.....: 16:9
DVD Source.......: DVD9 Re-encoded to DVD5
DVD Format.......: PAL
Duration.........: 147 min (3 Episodes)


IMDb:              http://imdb.com/title/tt0303078/               


David Attenborough investigates arguably the most important issue 
of the 21st century - the future of life on Earth. With the 
world's leading experts, he has made a personal study of the impact 
that humans are having on the natural world and asked how the 
situation could be reversed. The series investigates the main 
causes of damage to the planet and how we can help to prevent them.


Is there a crisis?
------------------
The most striking feature of planet Earth is the existence of life, 
and the most striking feature of life is its richness and variety. 
From the depths of the oceans to the tops of rainforest canopies, 
from the African savannahs to the soil under our feet, David 
Attenborough revealed to us the extent of this living bounty. The 
latest research show that this variety of life is threatened with 
destruction by human activities. Will we destroy, as is being 
predicted, up to 50% of all species on the planet in this present 
century, and will that tragedy really matter to us, or our children 
and grandchildren? 



Why is there a crisis?
----------------------
Extinction is a natural process, and five times in the history of 
life it has happened on a huge scale. The dinosaurs were wiped out 
by a massive meteor strike that also killed off much of life on 
Earth. Human activities are beginning to cause a present day 
mass-extinction that is happening at unprecedented speed. How can we 
prevent this from happening? David Attenborough investigated which 
human activities are the most damaging to the natural world, in an 
attempt to understand how we can prevent this crisis from unfolding. 



The future of life.
-------------------
How the human species treats the planet over the next one hundred 
years will determine the future of all life on Earth. We stand to 
lose up to 50% per cent of species on the planet if we continue using 
global resources at the current rate. At this crucial point in human 
history we can still choose whether future generations inhabit a 
healthy, diverse planet, or a seriously impoverished one. In the final 
film of this trilogy, David Attenborough looked for hope and solutions.

HELP SEED!

More related stuff: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/BhangWalla
