Go freestyle with the Xbox Music Mixer, the ultimate in digital entertainment for the twenty-first century. Bust out the mike for ready-made Karaoke with on-screen lyrics. Strip out the vocals from nearly any song in your collection to lay down your own rhythm and rhyme. Add power to your party with your own music play lists, set to dozens of cool 2-D and 3-D visual effects. Display your photos on your TV, and create a soundtrack to match.

Xbox┬« already has awesome gaming and DVD capabilities, so add in Xbox Music Mixer to unleash an entirely new category of digital entertainment. Create your own playlists and soundtracks, record and playback your performances anytime, access your library of digital music and photos from your PC, and even download new songs and visual effects from Xbox Live┬«!

PC-to-Xbox music and photo transfer: Take the multimedia experience from the den to the living room. Easily transfer audio files (WMA, MP3) and digital photos (JPG) from your PC to your Xbox video game console, creating the ultimate music and video library.

Karaoke: Grab the included microphone and showcase your vocal talents (or lack thereof) by singing along with more than a dozen karaoke hits from a variety of artists. Take it to the next level with a little free-form action. With digital vocal-stripping technology, remove the vocals from your favorite CDs and audio files?making nearly any karaoke request possible! Once you get it right, record your performances for playback anytime.

Xbox Media Player: Bring the club experience home with the interactive Media Player. Build your own soundtracks for hours of audio entertainment. Customize soundtracks to set the mood for any situation.

Photo album viewer: Are your photographs really doing you any good stored away in the closet or buried on your computer? Use the enhanced photo viewer to create the ultimate slide show by transferring photos from your PC to the Xbox, which can then be synched to customized soundtracks and special visual effects.

Rave mode: Enhance your audio with scores of cool 2-D and 3-D visualizers. Add 
real-time video and audio effects for an incredible sensory experience.

Xbox Live support: Download visualizers, get new karaoke tracks and music, know when your friends are online, and receive game invites.
