(sega genesis roms and emulator) shining force 1&2
By RW2007


Shining Force:

Release Date: Oct 10, 1992 

What Shining Force Is About:
The biggest role-playing epic ever created for the Genesis, SHINING FORCE is in a category all its own. When the Dark Dragon begins to stir after 50 generations of sleep, the Continent of Rune is in for some substantial turbulence. To add to the chaos, a group of enemy invaders is storming the Continent to seize it. The Kingâ??s youngest swordsman is the only one who can rescue the land, and heâ??s enlisted a group of brave warriors to help him in his quest. Play as 10 different characters at one time in this role-playing masterpiece. Increase your charactersâ?? skills and attributes as the game goes on, making your way through eight different scenarios. 

Platform: Sega Genesis 

Genre: Role-Playing, Strategy, for Animated Violence

Shining Force Special Features:
â?¢ Dozens of characters
â?¢ Eight scenarios
â?¢ A rich story
â?¢ 12 megs of memory
â?¢ One-player action

Credits:
â?¢ Developer: Sonic Software Planning
â?¢ Publisher: Sega of America, Inc.
â?¢ Distributor: Ingram Entertainment, Electro Source

Other Info On Shining Force:
â?¢ Location: United States of America
â?¢ Control Elements: Gamepad




Shining Force 2:

Release Date: Jun 18, 1994 

What Shining Force II Is About:
The legendary epic returns, and this time itâ??s deadly. When a thief messes with the Stones of Light and Dark, the evil Zeon is unleashed on the masses. Unless the Shining Force can capture Zeon and return him to his prison, the world will never see the light of day again! Featuring a new story, amazing battle scenes, and gruesome fresh monsters, SHINING FORCE II picks up right where the original left off. Create a strike force consisting of a dozen members (there are 20 characters to choose from), developing your clan in to a pack of magical warriors. Incredible graphics, endless play, and a rich story make this a brilliant sequel.

Platform: Sega Genesis 

Genre: Role-Playing

ESRB Rating:
"Shining Force II" is rated Teen, for Animated Violence

Shining Force II Special Features:
â?¢ 20 playable characters
â?¢ New monsters
â?¢ A rich story
â?¢ Role-playing excitement
â?¢ One-player action

Credits:
â?¢ Developer: Sonic Software Planning
â?¢ Publisher: Sega of America, Inc.
â?¢ Distributor: Ingram Entertainment, GTI

Other Info On Shining Force II:
â?¢ Location: United States of America
â?¢ Control Elements: Gamepad