Is Vince realy dead?????, if that was part of the show..... ,dam no it wasnt _-_, f..k The Sopranos this is real life, sad day for Wrestling Fans.

R.I.P.

The Original Statement On WWE Official Site.



WILKES-BARRE, Pa. ? WWE.com has learned that United States federal agents have arrived at the crime scene in Wilkes-Barre, Pa., where Mr. McMahon was presumed dead less than 24 hours ago. As rumored, given the severity and nature of the car bombing, by law, federal authorities have taken full control of the investigation.

As first speculated in previous reports by WWE.com, last night?s limousine explosion was the result of a car bomb, as confirmed by federal agents. Moreover, it has been confirmed that a body was not recovered from the limousine?s blackened remains. Investigators believe that Mr. McMahon?s body could possibly have been incinerated in the blast.

With the initial stages of the federal investigation underway in Pennsylvania, authorities have closed the crime scene to check for DNA evidence that may lead to additional information on last night?s shocking events. Forensic experts are scouring the scene and are expected to comb through the wreckage for the next few days in an attempt to find even the most minimal trace of Mr. McMahon?s body.

In addition, explosives experts have arrived in Wilkes-Barre to thoroughly examine the limousine and determine what type of device may have been used to detonate the car bomb. In the earliest stages of probing, authorities are analyzing each fragment of debris and gathering clues to build their investigation.

At approximately 11:07 p.m. ET last night, the WWE Chairman left the Wachovia Arena and stepped into his stretch limo, which almost instantly combusted before the eyes of millions watching Raw on TV. The sight of the explosion with Mr. McMahon inside the limo drew an eerie hush to an audience that had been wound with excitement just moments earlier during the live WWE Draft. This car bombing is the first of its kind on U.S. soil since the mid-1970s.

Instants after the blaze was controlled by firefighters in the late morning hours, the charred vehicle was scoured for the Chairman?s remains. Rescue workers and authorities were puzzled by what they found: nothing. Federal agents shared this perplexed state this morning, confirming that a body has yet to be recovered within the melted heap that was once Mr. McMahon?s limo.

Earlier today, WWE.com reached out to representatives of the McMahon family. These representatives stated that the grief-stricken family of the Chairman had no comments to offer at this time, but told reporters that something may be forthcoming in the near future.

As more details become available, continue to check back with WWE.com for exclusive coverage of one of the most shocking events in history.
