Prescription for Advertising is written specifically for the business owner or manager who needs to advertise but really doesn't know HOW to make it happen. It's a comprehensive guide to the complete world of advertising -- everything from positioning to printers, budgeting to billboards, creativity to conventions -- even logos and signage. The 30 easy-to-read chapters will be a great step toward understanding the complex and confusing world of advertising.

From the Publisher: Prescription for Advertising has been our best-selling business book for quite a few years. The remarkable wise advice of Edmond Bruneau is timeless. Available in hardbound, trade paperback and audio cassette editions, this book has been distributed worldwide and even translated into a foreign language. When it comes to advertising and marketing, Edmond Bruneau is a professional who knows what he is talking about.

From the Author: Since there are so many advertising books written for advertising people, I decided to write one for the businessperson...in language and terminologies a regular joe (or jill) would understand. Problems and situations are discussed from their personal point of view. In addition, the text includes many time-saving shortcuts and tips to avoid the common pitfalls to often made when dealing with the confusing world of advertising.

From the Inside Flap: To many businesses, advertising in is a four-letter word. One of the original love/hate relationships. By following the advise in this book, however, you're more likely to swear by advertising than to swear at it. Prescription for Advertising is written specifically for the common businessperson who needs to advertise, but doesn't really know how to go about it. It's a comprehensive guide to the complete world of advertising...everything from positioning to printers; budgeting to billboards; creativity to conventions...even logos and signage. There's even separate chapters on buying newspaper, radio and television media. Reading Prescription for Advertising will help you avoid future fatal errors, too. Prescription for Advertising. Thirty chapters of the best advertising advice available today. Read it and reap.





-LEGAL TORRENTS

Purpose:

create a balance, share the already free stuff,
public domain works, freeware, free music,
free ebooks, articles, manifestos, movie trailers, and more.

show the copyright owners that torrent
websites shouldn't bear the responsibility
of what their users upload, torrent websites
are very much similar to google..

users upload what they want to upload,
download what they want to download,
and search for what they want to search..

by creating this balance and sharing the already free
stuff, we hope to take the pressure of torrent websites..

