Search for test78 to find my other uploads.

UK compilation for the blues/jazz act featuring Jethro Tull founder Mick Abrahams. 13 previously unreleased live tracks. 11 of which were recorded between 1969 & 74 for Radio 1 & 2 bonus tracks from 1996.

Review: 
By Peter Baklava (Charles City, Iowa) 	

Like a lot of people, I approached Blodwyn Pig by way of Jethro Tull. Mick Abrahams was a 'force to contend with' in the original Tull line-up, and he and Ian Anderson came to loggerheads about the direction the group should take. 

Abrahams split, but the group he formed was no mere spin-off. Blodwyn Pig was every bit the equal of Jethro Tull. Abrahams was and is a first-rate blues guitarist. His electric guitar stylings are instantly recognizable, and he is also a master of acoustic fingerstyle blues guitar. Sax and flute man Jack Lancaster shared Ian Anderson's fondness for imitating jazzman Roland Kirk. Lancaster even replicated Kirk's trick of playing two horns at the same time. 

The tracks on Basement Tapes were drawn from BBC sessions that Blodwyn Pig did in 1969, and later in 1974 during an abortive attempt to reform the group ( the '74 edition of the band also includes former Jethro Tull drummer Clive Bunker.) These tunes fully illustrate just how eclectic a group Blodwyn Pig was. They feature guitar/sax passages that wail as hard as King Crimson's "21st Century Schizoid Man", plus examples of Abrahams' off the wall sense of humor (best example: "Mr.Green's Blues"). 

Blodwyn Pig was as good as any band playing between 1969 and 1971---extremely innovative and exciting. Don't miss this one, or the two classic studio albums, "Ahead Rings Out" and "Getting to This." Five stars.


320kbs

Tracklist:

1. Modern Alchemist 	
2. Mr. Green's Blues 	
3. It's Only Love 	 	
4. See My Way 	
5. Blues of a Dunstable Truck Driving Man 	
6. Baby Girl 		  	
7. Leaving Song 		  	
8. I Know 		
9. It's Only Love   	
10. See My Way [Live] 	  	
11. Blues of a Dunstable Truck Driving Man 	 	  	
12. Hound Dog 	  	
13. Drive Me

Enjoy!