ESSENTIAL  SELF-MASSAGE -
Documentary

http://www.holomedica.com/products/dvd1_eself.shtml

"Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power." --Lao-Tzu

How do self-massage and acupressure work
The solution to optimal health lies in the body's ability to keep the channels of energy, or chi, clear and free-flowing. Tensions create tight muscles which cause stagnation and blockages throughout the body. It is this stagnation that contributes to many health conditions, from headaches to arthritis, to back pain and anxiety.


What's inside the video
The “Essential Self-Massage” video is a guided program presented in a relaxed and informal massage-along style. Each of the program's 11 chapters addresses a different body part, so you can use the video as a focused treatment (if you don't have enough time you would just perform the head massage to clear the five senses) or as a whole body routine. 

 MAIN CHAPTERS
 
  1. Hands   7. Ears 
  2. Arms     8. Neck and Shoulders 
  3. Head    9. Trunk 
  4. Eyes    10. Feet 
  5. Nose    11. Legs 
  6. Mouth   


EXTRA FEATURES 

  Cleaning the eyes   Energy experiment 
  Cleaning the ears   Acupressure in detail 
  Using moxa   
"As you learn the art of self massage you also learn about yourself, about your body and how it works."

"Imagine yourself on the happiest day of your life. How did you feel on that day? Wouldn’t it be nice to have more and more days with such feelings? With self massage you will learn that every day of your life is important and every day of your life can become truly joyful! "

The whole video programme takes just a bit more than 60 minutes. This, combined with its exceptional cinematography, music and script means that you will have the resource which you can enjoy watching time and time again.

In addition to the main chapters we have added five extra short movies that provide a more detailed insight into some topics discussed in the main chapters.

For example, the part on "Using moxa" explains how to use the heat treatment of acupressure points, which is very beneficial to many typical women's health problems such as menstrual cramps or cold feet. Moxa is made from the Chinese wormwood plant and is known to be an excellent energy raiser.

Deeper meaning
INTERACTION 
Eyes <--> Liver 
Nose <--> Lungs 
Ears <--> Kidney 
Mouth <--> Spleen 
Tongue <--> Heart 

According to the theory of Traditional Chinese Medicine there is a connection between the external and the internal organs. Looking at the table on the left we can see that eyes and liver influence each other.

The illnesses of the liver reflect in the eyes and vice versa. Therefore massaging the eyes also benefits the liver.

Or, if you have problems with the ears and you don't do anything about it, you might be missing another point, that in time you could develop a serious kidney disease. 

The "Essential Self-Massage" video has plenty of such useful information. 

Audio languages:
- English
- Spanish
- French
- German
- Slovenian

Subtitles:
- English
- Spanish
- French
- German
- Slovenian

Video  MPG2
Audio : Dolby digital  2.0 256 Kbps
Time of duration :  00:51:21