Aimée & Jaguar (1999)	

Language: german

Directed by Max Färberböck
Produced by Hanno Huth, Günter Rohrbach, Lew Rywin
Written by Max Färberböck, Erica Fischer (book), Rona Munro

Starring: Maria Schrader, Juliane Köhler


The film explores the lives of the characters Felice Schragenheim (Maria Schrader), a Jewish woman who assumed a false name and who belongs to an underground organization, and Lilly Wust (Juliane Köhler), a married mother of four children, unsatisfied with her husband (a German soldier). Felice takes the initiative in the love affair. Lilly, fascinated with the strength of Felice and her friends, falls deeply in love because she realizes that she can give love with a cosmopolitan woman rather than merely receive love from a man. The film features both sensual erotic encounters and sentimental love poems (quoted from the book), and during one love scene a poetic line emerges in which Lilly is an Aimée to Felice as Jaguar. Then one day Lilly?s husband gets leave from the front and arrives home, only to see Felice and Lilly in bed. Although he then hoped merely to punish her for her indiscretion so that his marriage would return to normal, Lilly surprises him by asking for a divorce. He later dies at the front. Felice and her friends stop seeing Lilly for the sake of her own survival. On one occasion, Lilly erupts in anger over Felice?s unexplained absence for days, so Felice shares her secret that she is Jewish. After the July 20 Plot Lilly?s friends fear for their lives and arrange to flee Germany before they are rounded up. Felice, prefers to take her chances in order to enjoy the love of her life, though unfortunately not for long, as Felice is soon sent to Theresienstadt concentration camp from which she never returns.

The story has two bookends. When the film begins in 1997, an 83-year-old Lilly (then played by Inge Keller) is taking up residence in a dilapidated flat that once served as an underground hideout. Lilly?s German maid Ilse (played by Johanna Wokalek in the 1940s, by Kyra Mladeck in 1997), who was rounded up during 1945, is already a tenant. Lilly and Ilse reminisce as the film ends. Lilly, though saddened by the tragedy that she caused her friends and lovers, is unable to imagine how her life could have been any different, given her obsessive live-for-today-for-tomorrow-we-die mood, common among besieged Berliners. Lilly Wust lived in Berlin till the day of her death on 31st March 2006. The tagline of the film, "Love Transcends Death," underscores how the book and film serve as sentimental memorials to Felice Schragenheim. However, the life of Lilly Wust is a paradigm of sorts for contemporary Germany.

The movie was nominated and won many German awards (both Köler and Schrader notably won the best actress Silver Bear) and also was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Foreign Film.

 
http://www.amazon.com/Aimee-Jaguar-Maria-Schrader/dp/B00005OLBC


Video:
Resolution: 576x336 (1,71:1)
FPS: 29,97
BitRate: 688 Kbps
Quality Factor: 0,12 b/px
Codec: XviD MPEG-4

Audio:
Number of channels: 2
Sample Rate: 48000 Hz
BitRate: 116 Kbps
Codec: MPEG 1 or 2 Audio Layer 3 (MP3)

