...and I'm clapping my fuc*** hands...read it:
http://www.prisonplanet.com/articles/december2005/021205labeledsexist.htm

So, my answer to Maureen Dow's question is: It is entirely possible to get rid of penis envy. You just need to accept that you are a puny bitch with grand dellusions. It too will go away then. 

So, how do you create a scared sissy-boy ready to submit to the new world order ( http://www.savethemales.ca/000202.html )? No problem. Create a wellfare-state suited for social engineering and hire a bunch of hateful, whacky bitches to "liberate" us all from the terrible evils of men, and promote their own "gender-holocaust-industry", based mostly on vastly scewed statitiscs, or simply make it up. Make sure the children are removed from their fathers as early as possible, and blast them with stories about the horrifying nature of men day in and day out - mostly from angry lesbians who simply can't stand that we got the balls, and they don't. Done. The guilt complex will likely last for years and so will the arrested development. And now, a closer look at this industry from within:

Synopsis:

***english subtitles are hardcoded***

In 1999, a court order prohibited the airing of a controversial documentary exposing critical flaws in the application and procedure of justice in Denmark. This was done on the grounds that one of the girls in the documentary was visible in the recordings allegedly compromising her privacy. The girl in the documentary however, was blurred out, her voice made unrecognizable and every form of personal data was removed. Still the court persisted in their prohibiting this documentary from being shown.The court, with this judgment, disregarded years of guidelines, related to privacy and the free press. 

The forbidden documentary "Goodbye Daddy" had utilized a hidden camera, and showed how these applications and procedures in conjunction with false accusations of incest and other kinds of abuse, are often used as weaponry during disputes over visitation and custody rights.

Filesize.....: 240 MB (or 246,466 KB or 252,381,184 bytes)
Runtime......: 00:58:57 (88,437 fr)
Video Codec..: DivX 5.0
Video Bitrate: 501 kb/s
Audio Codec..: 0x0055(MP3) ID'd as MPEG-2 Layer 3
Audio Bitrate: 64 kb/s (32/ch, stereo) CBR 
Frame Size...: 352x264 (1.33:1) [=4:3]
Language.....: Danish
Subtitles....: English