I know, I know, WWWAAAYYY LATE!!! Sorry to all those out there who have been expecting these. I hope you all enjoy the last 18 broadcasts brought to you by none other than STOKEMAN! Download, SEED, and Enjoy! Until we meet again....

Sunday January 6th, 2008
The Field, Miracles & Heart Emotions
Author Gregg Braden discussed the science behind miracles, the existence of an energy field that connects everything, and the power of heart-based emotion. Miracles appear inexplicable to the laws of nature as we understand them, yet they could be linked... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Gregg Braden

Monday January 7th, 2008
Mothman & the Antichrist
Author L. A. Marzulli discussed his research into the 'Luciferian Conspiracy,' as well as Mothman encounters. The conspiracy, he explained, concerns a satanic entity who wants to be worshipped; he'll take the form of the Antichrist, coming initially...
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): L. A. Marzulli, Robert Felix

Tuesday January 8th, 2008
A Skeptic's Investigations
Paranormal investigator and columnist Joe Nickell shared his skeptical take on a variety of cases. Differentiating his approach, he said that "mystery mongers" often have their minds made up that something inexplicable is taking place in so-called... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Joe Nickell, Isaac Bonewits

Wednesday January 9th, 2008
Concealed Carry of Guns
Founder of the think tank Good For The Country, Inc., John Longenecker presented the case for concealed carry of handguns in the United States. If a person is in a situation such as a school or mall shooting, there is a period of time (at least four... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): John Longenecker, Paola Harris

Thursday January 10th, 2008
2008 & Compatible Numbers
Numerologist Glynis McCants offered a forecast of what's in store for 2008, reviewed her past comments about 2007, and spoke about number compatibilities. We are entering a "1" year (2 + 0 + 0 + 8 = 10 = 1). "I'm excited about this year," she said,... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Glynis McCants, Daniel Durda

Friday January 11th, 2008
Time Travel
In the first hour and a half, George spoke with Steven Gibbs about his Hyper Dimensional Resonator (HDR), a machine that Gibbs claims makes time travel possible. Gibbs said the HDR was developed by his counterpart from an alternate future Earth and given... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Open Lines, Steven Gibbs

Saturday January 12th, 2008
Alien Contact & End Times
Ian spoke with Miriam Delicado about her contact with extraterrestrial beings, their message for the world, and how it ties into the Hopi's Blue Star Prophecy and the End Times. Delicado described a childhood abduction experience in which she was...
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): Miriam Delicado, James Chiles

Sunday January 13th, 2008
Wizardry, Sorcery & Strange Creatures
Practicing Wizard Oberon Zell-Ravenheart talked about elements of magic and wisdom, as well as real and mythical creatures. In his recent book A Wizard's Bestiary, he catalogues a variety of critters and creatures. The legendary sea monsters known as... 
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): Oberon Zell

Monday January 14th, 2008
Earth Changes Special
A group of experts discussed earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, and climate change, and shared their predictions as to what we might expect in 2008 and beyond. First, geologist Jim Berkland and author/earthquake 'sensitive' Cal Orey spoke...
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Stan Deyo, Jim Berkland, Robert Trombley, Cal Orey, Peter Davenport, Peggy Sue Gerron

Tuesday January 15th, 2008
Animal Communications
Appearing during the middle two hours, animal communicator Amelia Kinkade discussed her work helping humans understand the thoughts and emotions of animals through telepathy. Such communications can be viewed on the quantum level-- instead of separate... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Amelia Kinkade, Carol Simontacchi

Wednesday January 16th, 2008
Edgar Cayce & The Universe
Astronomy writer James Mullaney discussed his book Edgar Cayce and the Cosmos, which examines the "Sleeping Prophet's" readings about the universe. As a scientist, he was initially skeptical about the Cayce material (which was delivered in a trance state),...
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): James Mullaney, Seth Shostak

Thursday January 17th, 2008
Theories of Atlantis
Author Brad Steiger discussed his landmark work, Atlantis Rising, which was one of the first books to cover the study of lost civilizations and alien contact. Atlantis serves as a symbol in our collective conscious and represents a world or global civilization... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Brad Steiger, Dr. Doris Rapp

Friday January 18th, 2008
Extinction of Amphibians & Coral Reefs
During the first hour, investigative reporter Linda Moulton Howe discussed the ongoing decline of amphibians as well as the extinction of coral reefs. Nearly half of the world's 6,000 amphibian species could be extinct by the end of this century,... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Open Lines, Linda Moulton Howe

Saturday January 19th, 2008
Alternate Quranic Text
Expert in ancient manuscripts, Glenn Kimball discussed the life of Islamic Prophet Muhammad, the origin of the Quran, and new information about a lost photographic archive of an alternate Quranic text. Kimball also shared evidence that King Arthur's brother... 
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): Glenn Kimball

Sunday January 20th, 2008
Billy Meier's ET Contacts
US media representative for ET contactee Billy Meier, Michael Horn, joined host George Knapp (email) for a discussion on the evidence to support the authenticity of Meier's claims, and the new documentary The Silent Revolution of Truth. The film traces..
Host: George Knapp
Guest(s): Michael Horn

Monday January 21st, 2008
Aliens & the Antichrist
Appearing during the middle two hours, author John Milor discussed his biblical research into aliens and the Antichrist. UFOs were mentioned in the Bible-- described as flying chariots with horses on fire, he said. According to his reading of... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): John Milor, Gerald Celente

Tuesday January 22nd, 2008
Alternative Energy Methods
Aerospace and defense systems developer Sir Charles Shults spoke about his latest research into alternative energy development. He's formed an alliance with Worlds Nest to bring recycling of water and generation of power into homes and businesses world... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Charles Shults

Wednesday January 23rd, 2008
Secret Door V
A set of surprise guests joined us for one segment each in this special 4-hour program. In order of appearance: Dr. Betty Martini spoke about Hawaii's attempt to ban Aspartame. The sweetener is addictive, leaches serotonin from the brain, and is... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Dr. Betty Martini, Michael Shedlock, Linda Moulton Howe, Scott Flansburg, David B. Sereda, Jim Karol, Lionel Fanthorpe, Howard Bloom