Greatest Hits is the Red Hot Chili Peppers' second compilation album released on November 18, 2003 by Warner Bros. Records. While What Hits!? encompassed material from their 1984 debut to 1989's Mother's Milk, this collection of songs takes off from that point, including material from the 1991 album Blood Sugar Sex Magik up to 2002's By the Way. It was during this period of their career that the band became a major commercial force in the music industry. Therefore this compilation includes the majority of hit singles released since their breakthrough cover of Stevie Wonder's "Higher Ground" (also included on What Hits!?).

Red Hot Chili Peppers: Anthony Kiedis (vocals); John Frusciante (guitar); Flea (bass); Chad Smith (drums). Compilation producers: Rick Rubin, Michael Beinhorn. Although the Red Hot Chili Peppers have received the hits treatment before (most notably on 1992's WHAT HITS?), this compilation serves to highlight the band's peak years with guitarist John Frusciante, both before his sudden departure in 1992 and after his lauded return for 1999's CALIFORNICATION. (The group's intriguing-yet-mismatched union with Jane's Addiction guitarist Dave Navarro yields only one track, "My Friends.")

The Chili Peppers are best known for their energetic punk-funk anthems but their mainstream breakthrough, the gently building ballad "Under the Bridge" opens GREATEST HITS. It's followed in short order, however by the boisterous, slaphappy "Give It Away." Other Peppers high points include the beautifully melancholy "Scar Tissue," the hard-to-find "Soul to Squeeze," the folky "Breaking the Girl," and the only pre-1990s track--the group's wonderfully rocked-out cover of Stevie Wonder's "Higher Ground." Of course, this HITS collection includes the seemingly requisite (and quite good) two new tracks--the driving "Fortune Faded" and the dreamy "Save the Population." GREATEST HITS effectively chronicles the Peppers' transition from goofy party boys to mature, highly inventive rock band.

Released November 18, 2003 
Recorded 1989-2003 
Genre Rock 
Length 67:19 
Label Warner Bros. 
Producer(s) Rick Rubin
Michael Beinhorn (Track 12 only) 

Track listing
All tracks written by Flea/Frusciante/Kiedis/Smith
Except Track 11, written by Flea/Kiedis/Navarro/Smith
And Track 12 written by Stevie Wonder

"Under the Bridge" ? 4:35 (from the album Blood Sugar Sex Magik) 
"Give It Away" ? 4:47 (from the album Blood Sugar Sex Magik) 
"Californication" ? 5:32 (from the album Californication) 
"Scar Tissue" ? 3:38 (from the album Californication) 
"Soul to Squeeze" ? 4:52 (from the soundtrack to Coneheads) 
"Otherside" ? 4:17 (from the album Californication) 
"Suck My Kiss" ? 3:38 (from the album Blood Sugar Sex Magik) 
"By the Way" ? 3:38 (from the album By the Way) 
"Parallel Universe" ? 4:31 (from the album Californication) 
"Breaking the Girl" ? 4:57 (from the album Blood Sugar Sex Magik) 
"My Friends" ? 4:11 (from the album One Hot Minute) 
"Higher Ground" ? 3:24 (from the album Mother's Milk) 
"Universally Speaking" ? 4:19 (from the album By the Way) 
"Road Trippin'" ? 3:28 (from the album Californication) 
"Fortune Faded" ? 3:23 (Previously Unreleased) 
"Save the Population" ? 4:07 (Previously Unreleased) 

Enjoy! and please seed..
Ekolb