The entertainment phenomenon that conquered the digital universe is once again
out to save the planet as the award-winning, best-selling Halo 2 is coming to
the Windows Vista platform. Optimized for the advanced gaming features in
Windows Vista, Halo 2 promises to revolutionize the first-person shooter
experience for Windows gamers, as it did for consoles. With its classic story,
enhanced visual presentation, multiplayer excitement and all-new Map Editor,
Halo 2 for Windows Vista offers more game customization and new content than
ever before.

Epic Narrative: The saga continues with Halo 2 the international award-winning
sequel to the highly successful and critically acclaimed Halo: Combat Evolved.
In this sequel, the battle comes to Earth, and Master Chief, a genetically
enhanced super soldier, is the only thing standing between the relentless alien
Covenant and the destruction of all humankind.

Exciting Single-Player Gameplay: Experience first hand the epic struggle
between Master Chief and the Covenant armada. Brandish dual-wield weapons
Covenant arms and pilot human and non-human vehicles and aircraft to battle
intelligent AI alien enemies.

Unmatched Online Gaming: Halo 2 for Windows Vista will tap into the power of
Live Anywhere, a service similar to Xbox Live, to deliver online matchmaking
for PC gamers. The service will enable Windows Vista gamers all over the globe
to connect via their PCs and play on an innovative and competitive online forum.
New Multiplayer Map Editor: The game will also feature the all-new new Map
Editor, guaranteeing additional new, fan-generated content in the future.
The Halo 2 community can now tap their endless creative potential to develop
an unlimited number of user-created multiplayer levels.

Complete Community Freedom: Halo 2 for Windows Vista offers gamers the freedom
to host their own dedicated servers for maximum multiplayer action. Superior
Presentation and Cinematic Excellence: Bring the vast, imaginative world of
Halo 2 to life on the Windows Vista platform through higher-resolution
textures and improved lighting effects. Experience the unmatched cinematic
quality of Halo 2 through the power of Windows Vista.

Unprecedented Pedigree: The Halo franchise is one of the best selling and
monumental entertainment experiences in history with more than 14.5 million
units sold worldwide, more than 18 Game-of-the-Year awards, 750 million hours
and 500 million matches logged over Xbox Live. Halo 2 was also one of the most
successful entertainment launches of all time ? including books, films, graphic
novels, games and music. Halo 2 for Windows Vista brings this incredible
experience to Windows Vista gamers everywhere.

--------------------------
Don't forget to check the nfo included for install instructions.