Vivendi Universal Games will bring Sierra Entertainments Crash Tag Team Racing, a humorous action/racing game starring Crash Bandicoot, to the PSP on the 1st of December. Developed by VU Games Radical Entertainment studio, creators of the critically acclaimed The Simpsons: Hit and Run, the newest addition to the best-selling Crash Bandicoot video game franchise will combine combat racing with on-foot exploration and adventure.

Crash Tag Team Racing on the PSP system will give Crash Bandicoot fans a [sic] hilarious and unique racing game that they can take with them wherever they go, says Ian Wilkinson, President, Radical Entertainment. Crash Tag Team Racing will use all of the technological advancements of the PSP system - including wireless multiplayer and advanced graphics - to create a game unlike any other on the system, one that combines intense combat racing, player cooperation, great humour and on foot exploration.

In Crash Tag Team Racing, players will be able to clash their car with an opponents min race, fusing the two together to create a super car equipped with a powerful turret gun. When clashed, players can either get behind the wheel and drive or fire an onboard weapon. Each character has his own uniquely deadly 360 degree rotating turret. Players can continue the action out of the car where they can explore the entire world on foot and collect upgrades for their cars and unlock bonus tracks.

Crash Tag Team Racing for the PSP system will take advantage of the technical innovations of the device, including advanced portable graphics and wireless multiplayer modes. Players will be able to play with one another through a wireless connection in Co op Mode, where two players join and race together in a permanently clashed vehicle to race and combat other players, as well as Tournament Mode, where each player competes alone in a series of races to determine the ultimate winner.

Penned by writer Jordan Reicheck, best known for his work on Ren and Stimpy, VU Games says Crash Tag Team Racing brings the trademark Crash Bandicoot humour to new levels.