Corel.Paint.Shop.Pro.Photo.XI.v11.0.Incl.Keygen-SSG 
 
http://www.corel.com/ 

The easiest way to get professional-looking photos fast! 

Filled with one-of-a-kind photo tools sure to please even the most 
discerning photographer, Corel Paint Shop Pro Photo XI is the ideal 
choice for people who want extraordinary photos. With a built-in 
Learning Center to help first time users get started, it\'s the easiest 
way to get professional-looking photos - fast! 

New features 

+ NEW Corel Paint Shop Pro Photo XI builds on the core values set 
forth by Paint Shop Pro users themselves: easy-to-use yet powerful 
tools designed with the photographer in mind. Not only does + NEW 
Paint Shop Pro Photo XI improve on existing features, it also 
incorporates all-new, one-of-a-kind enhancements including a 
fully-integrated photo organizer -- giving users a single application 
that covers their workflow from start to finish. 

+ NEW The Organizer 
A one-stop photo management center that takes the guesswork out of 
finding photos by letting you search for images on your computer by 
filename, date, file type, or folder location. 

+ NEW Color Changer Tool 
Easily and realistically change colors of any objects in your photos. 

+ NEW Time Machine 
An amazing special effects filter plus a history lesson all in one! It 
shows what photos would look like if they were taken in another era, 
ranging from the 1800s to the 1990s. Some of the photo techniques 
featured include: 

- Daguerreotype 
- Albumen 
- Cyanotype 
- Platinum 
- Brownie Camera 
- Early Color 
- Cross Process 

+ NEW Depth of Field Effect 
Apply realistic depth that is usually only captured with expensive 
lenses and a digital SLR camera. It quickly simulates an out-of-focus 
background to draw attention to the main subject. 

+ NEW Skin Smoothing 
Automatically remove wrinkles, scars, or signs of aging from faces in 
digital photos 

+ NEW Film and Filter Effects 
Make photos look like they were taken with a specific type of film or 
filter. Choose from over 50 different combinations or create and save 
your own look using these mix-and-match options: 

* Film Looks 

- Vivid 
- Vivid Skin Tones 
- Muted Reds 
- Vibrant Foliage 

* Creative Filters 

- Glamour 
- Cooling 
- Warming 
- Night Density 

+ NEW Enhanced Crop Tool 
This makes it easier than ever to get specific print sizes in a flash. 

+ NEW Levels and Curves 
Get exceptional control over some of the most critical image 
adjustments such as contrast, color depth and levels. 

+ NEW lynda.com Training Videos 
See Paint Shop Pro Photo in action. Get helpful instructions on how to 
use new tools and other familiar features in two hours worth of 
informative videos. 

+ NEW Email Features 
It\'s easier and faster than ever to share photos with friends and 
family. Send as attachments or embed photo directly in the body of an 
email. Paint Shop Pro Photo automatically resizes photos for email so 
you don\'t have to open and resave. 

+ NEW Corel Painter and Corel Painter Essentials Compatibility 
Open, edit, create and save images as RIFF files to create a seamless 
workflow with the world\'s most popular painting and illustration 
software. 

+ NEW Video Preview 
Review, open and organize videos and extras single-frames from video 
clips. 

Windows Vista Support 
Corel Paint Shop Pro Photo XI will support Windows Vista by providing 
a free service pack once Microsoft releases the new version. 

Languages supported : 
English, French, German, Spanish, Italian, Dutch 

* * * * * 
Installation 

You must be Read NFO

Any comments would be good/