His Dark Materials, by Philip Pullman
Audiobook
Book 1: The Golden Compass
MP3 format, 192 Kbps


Description:

When Lyra and her daemon Pantalaimon decide to spy on a presentation her uncle, the commanding Lord Asriel, is making to the elders of Jordan College they have no idea that they will become witnesses to an attempted murder?and even less that they are taking the first steps in a journey that will lead them into danger and adventure unlike anything Lyra's unfettered imagination has conjured up.

Though she has been raised at the college in an atmosphere of benign neglect that has allowed her to become a half-wild child of the streets, Lyra soon finds herself apprenticed to the elegant Mrs. Coulter?and in possession of a strange device called the alethiometer, a "golden compass" that reads not true north, but truth itself.

But truth is a precious commodity, and before long Lyra and Pan are running for their lives, the object of an obsessive hunt by mysterious forces who have been stealing children for dark purposes that no one understands. Lyra will need all her street-learned wiles if she and Pan are to survive.

An international sensation from the moment it was published, The Golden Compass comes to spectacular new life in this unabridged recording, narrated by Philip Pullman himself, with the support of some of the finest actors of the London stage. 


Cast:

Stan Barrett		Lord Asriel/Iorek Byrnison
Andrew Branch		Kaisa/Able Seaman Jerry
Douglas Blackwell	John Faa/Iofur Raknison
Harriet Butler		Bella
Anna Coghlan		Bridget McGinn
Ruper Degas		Pantalaimon
Alison Dowling		Mrs. Coulter
David Graham		Jotham Santelia
Stephen Greif		Martin Lanselius/Sysselman
Garrick Hagon		Lee Scoresby
Andrew Lamont		1st Gyptian Boy
Fiona Lamont		Martha
Alexander Mitchell	Hugh Lovat
Arthur Mitchell		Charlie
Hayward Morse		The Butler/The Chaplain
John O'Connor		The Dean
Philip Pullman		Narrator
Anne Rosenfeld		Mrs. Lonsdale
Liza Ross		Stelmaria/Billy
Suzan Sheridan		Serafina Pekkala/Roger
Jill Shilling		Ma Costa
Stephen Thorne		The Master/Farder Coram
Rachel Wolf		Annie
Joanna Wyatt		Lyra
Other parts played by members of the cast


Total Playing Time:
10 hours, 33 mins

Contents:
Disc 1: Chapters 1-3 (beginning) [72:14]
Disc 2: Chapters 3 (concluded) ? 5 (beginning) [70:17]
Disc 3: Chapters 5 (concluded) ? 8 (beginning) [70:46]
Disc 4: Chapters 8 (concluded) ? 10 (beginning) [68:24]
Disc 5: Chapters 10 (concluded) ? 13 (beginning) [72:05]
Disc 6: Chapters 13 (concluded) ? 16 (beginning) [71:45]
Disc 7: Chapters 16 (concluded) ? 18 (beginning) [73:10]
Disc 8: Chapters 18 (concluded) ? 20 [70:29]
Disc 9: Chapters 21 ? end [64:14]