BOTH IN ENGLISH AND RUSSIAN

Book Description
Blowing up Russia contains the devastating attack of ex-KGB 
officer Alexander Litvinenko against his former superiors. He was poisoined 
in London with a lethal dose of radio-active Polonium 210 in November 2006. 
In association with academic Yuri Felshtinsky, he exposes in a meticulous 
study how lethal KGB methods were used to catapult Vladimir Putin into 
power as one of the most popular Russian leaders ever to be elected. Banned 
in Russia, based on Litvinenko's twenty year's of insider knowledge of 
Russia's secret campaigns, eloquently written, Blowing up Russia shows how 
the successors of the KGB were able to survive after being cut loose from 
communism. Returning to old-style terror and war, they claimed a `Russian 
way' of government. After reading Litvinenko's and Felshtinsky's findings, 
there seems little doubt that behind the pretence of democracy the 
successor of the KGB has regained its absolute control over the Russian 
Federation. 

Synopsis
Vividly written and based on Litvinenko's 20 year's of insider's knowledge of Russian spy campaigns and Yuri Felshtinsky's comprehensive academic knowledge, "Blowing up Russia" is a meticulous and gripping story how the secret organs of the Russian state are out of control and plotting a return to Russia as a state of terror. Writing about his co-author, Yuri Felshtinsky recounts how the banning of their book in Russia caused 3 related deaths. 

From the Publisher
In this first British publication, Yuri Felshtinsky writes how 
in 1999 he contacted Alexander Litvinenko asking for help investigating the 
Moscow apartment-block bombings that had happened in September that year. 
While they pursued their investigations over the years, three people who 
assisted them in Russia were violently killed--two were shot, one was 
poisoned. When they first attempted to publish their findings in Russian, 
the 5000 copies of the book's print-run were confiscated on the road from 
Latvia to Moscow. 

About the Author
Alexander Litvinenko served in the Russian military for more 
than 20 years achieving the ranks of Lieutenant-Colonel. In 1999 he was 
arrested and imprisoned on charges that were later dismissed. After 
continuing further charges (equally dismissed), he escaped from Russia, and 
lived with his family in Great Britain, where he was granted political 
asylum in 2001. 
Yuri Felshtinsky studied studied history at Brandeis University and Rutgers 
University, where he received his Ph.D. He lives in Boston and is the 
author of several books on Russia. He was one of the last people to speak 
to Litvinenko hours before he succumbed to radio-active poisoning by 
Polonium 210 . He converted to Islam few days before his death.

