Putumayo Records Presents:
Acoustic Brazil 2005
The gentle rhythms of samba, bossa nova and more by legendary artists and fresh new voices 
Rip VBR
Covers Included

During carnival in Rio, the streets vibrate with the thunderous beats of the samba schools, their energetic rhythms persuading even the frail to dance. After the parties have ended, though, Brazilians start playing the softer, more introspective music for which they are also renowned. Just as the Brazilian carnival season is winding down, Putumayo presents Acoustic Brazil. While upbeat rhythms like samba, forró and axé have people dancing in the streets during carnival, Acoustic Brazil focuses on the more delicate Brazilian music that comes to life in the aftermath of the party. 
As the birthplace of Antonio Carlos Jobim and other masterful songwriters, Brazil has given the world some of its most entrancing melodies. Acoustic Brazil includes songs performed or written by some of these great figures, as well as others from the emerging young voices of popular Brazilian music. Legends such as Caetano Veloso, Chico Buarque, Gal Costa and Paulinho da Viola are featured here alongside a new generation of singers who demonstrate the beauty of Brazil?s acoustic music traditions. 
Acoustic Brazil is the latest addition to Putumayo?s popular series of Brazilian CDs (Brasileiro, Samba Bossa Nova and Brazilian Groove), which have sold half a million copies combined. From the gentle swing of bossa nova and samba canção, to the lyrical grace of contemporary singer-songwriters, Acoustic Brazil presents some of the most beautiful songs from Brazil?s unique musical legacy. 

Tracklist:
Gal Costa - Aquele Frevo Axe 
Paulinho da Viola - A Voz do Povo 
Ana de Hollanda - Samba Triste 
Marcio Faraco - Ciranda 
Teresa Cristina - Meu Mundo e Hoje (Eu Sou Assim) 
Chico Buarque - Quando Eu For Eu Vou Sem Pena 
Rita Ribeiro - Tem Quem Queira 
Caetano Veloso - Cajuina 
Monica Salmaso - Moro Na Roca 
Lucas Santtana - Mensagem de Amor 
Glaucia Nasser - Labios de Cetim 
Lula Queiroga - Noite Severina 



This is one of the many Putumayo´s records I have in mind to upload, so please help keep seeding after you downloaded.
Enjoy It!
Ulysses56


For more info: http://www.putumayo.com/