Here is a quick collection of shit from the internet i dug up. SOme of the stuff is from the new remix.nin.com, but only Trents uploads, no fan mixes from there. also, some of the stuff upon listening may be fan mixes (see the happiness in slavery mixes) and definently the metal remix is, but it\'s still pretty good. Also, some stuff he\'s done with other people (Burroughs, De La Rocha, El-P, various remixes (including a higher quality version of Butch Vig\'s Last remix than the one floating around on the web. Also included are Some alternate takes from the \"Purest Feeling\" era (go ahead, check them, they\'re different.) And some of the unused \"version\" remixes from the fragile era. here is the complete track list:

1. Last (Butch Vig Remix)
2. No, You Don\'t (Version)
3. Gave Up (Rehearsal Video Version)
4. Even Deeper (Telefon Tel Aviv Love Dub)
5. The Fragile (Version)
6. The New Flesh (ThingsFallingApart.com Version)
7. We Want it All (with Zach De La Rocha)
8. Kinda I Want To (Alternate Demo Take Two)
9. Down in It (Alternate Demo Take Two)
10. A Warm Place (Featuring Stella Soleil)
11. Gave Up (Remix Two)
12. Sanctified (Alternate Demo Take Two)
13. Closer (Thrust Mix)
14. Happiness in Slavery (Unused Remix)
15. Please (Appendage)
16. La Mer (Version)
17. Flyentology (With El-P)
18. Twist (Alternate Demo Take Two)
19. The Hand That Feeds (Photek Rough Mix)
20. Down in it (Alternate Demo Take Three)
21. Right Where it Belongs (Version 2)
22. You Know What You Are (Clint Mansell Remix)
23. Happiness in Slavery (Unused Remix Two)
24. Untitled (From ThingsFallingApart.com)
25. Quick Fix (with william S. Burroughs)
26. Metal (Lee Completion Mix)
27. Ice House (Option 30)

some of it may be mislabeled, as I just wrote whatever the files were called, and for the most part, some of the mixes (HiS, and Gave Up) may have appeared elsewhere, as I haven\'t listened to \"Fixed\" in a while...

but anyways, if you see something you like, help yourself. and for those elitist douchebaggies, i\'m never going to read these comments, so may as well save yourself the hassle and eat it.