A New Malware Defense: ESET Smart Security
There is no better protection for your computer than ESET Smart Security, built on the award-winning ESET NOD32® Antivirus and its powerful ThreatSense® engine.
By the time you finish reading this, seventy new variants of malware will have been released. Are you prepared?
With ESET Smart Security, that is a question you will never have to ask.

-- Prevents adware, bots, rootkits, spyware, trojans, viruses, worms and other forms of malware. Blocks spam. Includes personal firewall. 
-- Based on ESET NOD32 Antivirus: The fastest, smallest and safest antivirus solution. 
-- Fully integrated security solution.
-- Protects and defends on all fronts against simple and blended threats.
-- Provides an easy-to-use graphical user interface with built-in help. Installs easily and quickly.

ESET® Smart Security: Business Edition
The ideal security solution for businesses with anywhere from 5 to 100,000+ workstations. In addition to the full-feature set of the Home Edition, ESET Smart Security: Business Edition includes a Remote Administrator and a LAN update "mirror" to easily monitor and update workstations.

ESET Smart Security: Business Edition may be installed on servers as well as workstations. (Home Editions do not support server installations.)




>> Stopping Malware in its Tracks
ESET Smart Security prevents, detects and removes malware such as adware, bots, rootkits, spyware, trojans, viruses, worms and other Internet threats you face on the job, at home and everywhere your computer goes. 

> Stay Healthy: ESET Smart Security blocks more than 70% of new malware threats proactively.
> Fewer Email Threats: New spam blocker works to prevent annoying junkmail, scams and phishes from your inbox.
> Protect Your Privacy: Prevents, detects and disables spyware. We keep an eye out for them to make sure they?re not keeping an eye on you. 
> Increased Safety: Bidirectional firewall with intrusion detection features to protect both incoming and outgoing Internet connections.
> Lightweight: ESET Smart Security consumes far fewer resources than similar products, which means your computer can spend more time working on other tasks.

Four Simple Reasons to Choose ESET Smart Security

-- Proactive Protection:
ESET Smart Security was designed and built as a single integrated solution to provide the most proactive threat detection in the world. Engineered to provide the fastest scanning speeds available with the least overhead.
-- Lightweight and Fast:
ESET Smart Security detects and disables Internet threats with minimal impact on your computer's system performance.
-- Precise:
Utilizes advanced technology to ensure accurate detection of viruses, trojans, spyware and other evolving threats. This means you can surf the web, play games, email your friends and use your computer with complete confidence.
-- Antivirus + Antispyware + Antispam + Personal firewall = ESET Smart Security

ESET Smart Security: Features, Documentation and Requirements

ESET Smart Security's comprehensive, proactive protection builds on the award-winning ESET NOD32 Antivirus to knock down viruses, spyware, adware and malware of all kinds, adding personal firewall and antispam features to protect your computer.

>> ESET Smart Security Firewall
ESET Smart Security's Personal firewall provides bidirectional, stateful firewall protection with intrusion detection features. The three operational modes are:

- Normal mode: Provides unobtrusive protection for everyday use without requiring an understanding of firewall technology or complex configuration.
- Advanced mode: Provides power users with an interface for firewall customization.
- Policy-based: Allows the administrator to set and deliver a customized policy configuration for the firewall (Only available in the Business Edition).

All modes provide protocol filtering and intrusion detection.

A powerful feature of ESET Smart Security's Personal firewall is the ability to mark specific programs as being network-aware, in addition to web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Mozilla Firefox. Using this feature, it is possible to identify and mark an application which can be used over a network (such as Microsoft Word) for far more rigorous heuristic checking of any network connections used by the application.

>> ESET Smart Security Antispam

The Antispam feature provides a highly reliable defense against annoying spam, as well as protection against email-borne threats that share many traits with normal spam. Antispam utilizes both client- and server-based rules to provide up-to-the-minute spam prevention not attainable by other solutions requiring a continuous stream of downloads for detection.

ESET Smart Security Business Edition

The Business Edition of ESET Smart Security includes all the features and benefits described above, but has additional functionality and flexibility that every growing business requires:

>> Server Installation: ESET Smart Security Business Edition may be installed on servers as well as workstations (the Home Edition can only be installed on workstations). This is a critical feature for the competitive business as servers are just as vulnerable to attack as workstations. Should your servers be unprotected, one virus can take down your entire system.
>> Remote Administration: Monitor and administer your security solution from anywhere in the world with the ESET Remote Administrator. This is an absolutely necessary feature for the business with more than one location, or the systems administrator who works remotely or travels.
>> ?Mirror? Capability: ESET?s mirror functionality enables your IT administrator to conserve bandwidth by creating a ?mirror? of protected workstations, and pushing updates independently. This prevents each employee from having to access the Internet for updates, which not only conserves resources, but also reduces overall susceptibility to threats.

Included Documentation
Product Quick-Start Guide (PDF for download; printed manual for boxed version)
Integrated online help (accessible via the F1 key) 

System Requirements
Processors supported:
- 32-bit (x86) and 64-bit (x64) Intel®, AMD® or 100% compatible
Operating Systems: 
- Microsoft Windows® 2000 
- Microsoft Windows XP (32 and 64-bit editions) 
- Microsoft Windows Vista® (32 and 64-bit editions)
Memory: 35 - 40 MB, on average
Disk Space (download): 18 MB
Disk Space (installation): 40 MB

have fun and enjoy The Joker