THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT MARY


YEAR: 1998   
LENGHT: 119 min. 
DIRECTOR Peter Farrelly , Robert Farrelly (AKA Bobby Farrelly) 
GUION Peter Farrelly & Robert Farrelly (AKA Bobby Farrelly), Ed Decter, John J. Strauss 
MUSIC Jonathan Richman 
CAST: Cameron Díaz, Ben Stiller, Matt Dillon, Chris Elliott, Lee Evans, Lin Shaye 
Comedy
System: PAL, 16:9
 
Audio: Dolby Digital 5.1 English and Spanish
Available Subtitles: English, Spanish and German for impaired

DVD Features: 
Commentary by: directors 'Bobby Farrelly' (qv) and 'Peter Farrelly' (qv)Dolby Digital 2.0 
Outtakes
Music video
Karaoke music video 

Synopsis: Ted was a geek in high school, who was going to go to the prom with one of the most popular girls in school, Mary. The prom date never happened, because Ted had a very unusual accident. Thirteen years later he realizes he is still in love with Mary, so he hires a private investigator to track her down. That investigator discovers he too may be in love with Mary, so he gives Ted some false information to keep him away from her. But soon Ted finds himself back into Mary's life, as we watch one funny scene after another. 

Rewiew: There's Something About Mary is one of the funniest movies in years, recalling the days of the Zucker-Abraham-Zucker movies, in which (often tasteless) gags were piled on at a fierce rate. The difference is that cowriters and codirectors Bobby and Peter Farrelly have also crafted a credible story line and even tossed in some genuine emotional content. The Farrelly brothers' first two movies, Dumb and Dumber and Kingpin, had some moments of uproarious raunch, but were uneven. With Mary, they've created a consistently hilarious romantic comedy, made all the funnier by the fact that you know that they know that some of their gags go way over the line.
Cameron Diaz stars as Mary, every guy's ideal. Ben Stiller plays a high-school suitor still hung up on Mary years later; the obstacles standing between him and her include a number of psychotic suitors, a miserable little pooch, and, oh yeah, a murder charge. The Farrellys' admittedly simplistic camera work, which adapts easily to a TV screen, and the fact that you'll likely laugh yourself so silly over certain scenes you'll want to replay them to see what you were missing while you were busy convulsing, make this a perfect video movie. --David Kronke 


DVD9 a DVD5: Dvd Decrypter + DVD Rebuilder + CCE (9 pass)

Ben Stiller's Cycle at www.solodvd.org