HEARTS OF IRON *PLATINUM EDITION

RELEASE SIZE: 1CD 48x15MB    ß²Ü
                   RELEASE DATE: 10-03-2004   
                   PROTECTION  : -            
                   METHOD      : BIN/CUE+RAR
                   GENRE       : STRATEGY
                   DEVELOPER   : PARADOX ENT.
                   RATING      : 7/10
RELEASE NOTES

Hearts of Iron is the first ever World War II PC game
           of true Grand Strategic scope. The game map spans the 
           entire world and allows players to take the War to any 
           new front of their choosing. Any nation in the world is
           playable, but the game focuses on the epic struggle 
           between the great alliances of the new world orders 
           Fascism, Communism and Democracy. Hearts of Iron is 
           developed by the team behind the award-winning sales 
           success Europa Universalis I and II and brings the same
           depth of gameplay and historical accuracy to a modern 
           day gaming experience. Hearts of Iron aims to be no 
           less than the definitive World War II strategic 
           experience. 

	                         New Features
                                 ------------- 

                                 * New scenarios 

                                 * Thousands of new events 

                                 * Improved AI 

           Game Features
           -------------- 

           * Epic Gameplay - Global map with all the nations between
             1936-1946 

           * Scenario Editor - Allows the players to modify and 
             construct their own settings and campaigns and add 
             national detail in thousands of combinations! Will 
             assure great replayability and community activity! 

           * Domestic and Foreign Politics - Unique system to 
             simulate political systems and effect on neutral 
             nations. 

           * Highly Advanced Research Model - Change the course of
             war by getting superweapons and better production 
             capabilities. 

           * Real Time Gameplay set to pause at any time. One minute
             of game play translates to one hour passed in reality. 

           * Historical Generals and Political Leaders. Thousands of
             real people researched for individual detailed uniqueness. 

           * Strategic Level Military System - over 100 different 
             ground, air and naval forces fighting the total war on a 
             divisionallevel. 

           * Optimized for Multiplayer - Hearts of Iron enables players
             to easily meet over the net through our proprietary 
             Valkyrienet match-making service. 

           * Music for the Military - 2 hours of quality musical 
             recordings in MP3 format.

INSTALL NOTES        
                                              
UNPACK, BURN, INSTALL:
ENJOY  :)
                                     



