Hi everyone, a quicker than expected update of highlights from the BBC Radio 1's Jo Whiley show and her now legendary "Live Lounge". I've dug up so classic oldies like Coldplay's "Yellow" and Maroon 5 covering Oasis' "Dont look back in anger" plus the Stereophonics covering Prince's classic "nothing compares to you" but more importantly Jo Whiley did a special "the year so far" of her Live Lounge performances on the public bank holiday on April 9th (yesterday !!). I streamed it live and then did some crude / rough editing to keep all the highlights. However it is only one file and the "medley" includes 12 great tracks. There is a bit of talking inbetween most of the songs and the quality is ok but not great.
It does however have some fantastic versions of either the artists own tracks or cover versions.
Hightlights include Corine Bailey Rae doing a great version of Justin Timberlakes "Sexyback", The Fray doing a really fun version of Shakira's "Hips dont lie" and the phonomenon that is Mika doing his instant classic "Grace Kelly" (the best selling cd single in the UK for 3 years)and a brilliant version of The View's monster hit "same Jeans".
Also look out for The Killers covering Dire Straits' (from my home town of Whitley Bay)Romeo and Juliet.
Quality varies from OK to Good.
Playlist:

The Killers - Rome and Juliet (Dire Straits)
The Killers - Mr Brightside
The Darkness - Street Spirit (RAdiohead cover)
Stereophonics - Nothing compares to you (Prince / Sinead O'Connor)
Razorlight - Hey Ya ! (Outcast cover)
Maroon 5 - Dont look back in Anger (Oasis cover)
Kooks - She moves in her own way
Kooks - Naive
Joss Stone - Right to be wrong
Coldplay - Yellow
Coldplay - Clocks
Arcade Fire - Maps

Easter Bank Holiday Special "medley" (47 mins 30 secs)

1. The View - Rewind (paulo Nutini cover)
2. The Klaxxons - Golden Scans
3. Mika - Grace Kelly
4. Mika - Same Jeans (The View cover)
5. Corine Bailey Rea - Sexyback (Justin Timberlake)
6. James Morrison - You give me something
7. James Morrison - Out of Time (Blur cover)
8. The Fratelis - Whistle for the choir
9. The Fratelis - Hotel Yorba (White Stripes cover)
10. The Kooks - you dont love me
11. The Fray - How to save a life
12. The Fray - Hips dont lie (Shakira cover).

Not sure when the next update will be but watch this space people and enjoy....

Thanks Ollie







