Spiff ho chums! Here it is, at last on bittorrent - Jeeves and Wooster. The funniest tv-series ever, based on the funniest books ever: P.G. Wodehouse's fantastic series about man-about-town Wooster and his saviour, the butler Jeeves. 

PG Wodehouse's much-loved stories about Bertie Wooster and his brilliantly clever valet Jeeves were brought faithfully to life in Jeeves and Wooster, starring Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry as master and servant. Perfectly cast and with scripts that retain all the sparkling wit of Wodehouse's prose, it's hard to see how any future adaptation of his work could surpass this wonderfully funny series.

This set contains the entire first season of Jeeves and Wooster. In "Jeeves Takes Charge" young man-about-town Bertie Wooster employs a new valet called Jeeves, and not a moment too soon. Thanks to his Aunt Agatha, Bertie faces the terrible prospect of marriage to the statuesque Honoria Glossop, and only Jeeves can save the day. "Tuppy and the Terrier" finds Bertie in trouble again when he loses Aunt Agatha's dog. Further aunt-related complications arise when Bertie's chum Tuppy falls for our hero's cousin Angela. Aunt Dahlia is not amused. An uncle in love with a waitress, a trip to the country, a speedy choirboy, and a secret betting syndicate all lead to trouble in "The Purity of the Turf". Jeeves, of course, is the only one who can put things right.

Jeeves and Wooster really hits its stride in the final episodes of Series 1: "The Hunger Strike" and "Brinkley Manor". When Bertie visits Aunt Dahlia he is called upon to solve the romantic problems of his friends Tuppy Glossop (in love with Cousin Angela) and the delightful Gussy Fink-Nottle (in love with Madeleine Basset, a young lady who believes the stars to be God's daisy-chain.) Unwisely, Bertie decides to cook up his own plan and before long disaster strikes. Aunt Dahlia's superb chef Anatole gives his notice, and Bertram is to blame. Thank goodness for Jeeves.

If people are interested, I'll seed the 2nd, 3rd and 4th series as well. Contained herein is the entire 1st season - five episodes. I have compressed them a bit, but it does not matter, the quality is as good as the originals. This is not the most bitrate-demanding of videos;-) No subs on the original dvd's, no subs here. Full menus tho. Furthermore I would encourage everyone to read the books if they like this series, the books are insanely hilarious!


/Fidelio