By the early 2000s, Depeche Mode's reputation and legacy were such that hits collections, singles comps, and other retrospectives became the order of the day. Though not the first compilation from the beloved synth-pop band, THE BEST OF VOLUME 1was its first official single-disc "best-of." Spanning the entirety of the group's two-decades-and-running career, the collection includes early confections such as "Just Can't Get Enough" and "See You," brooding mid-career classics like "Personal Jesus" and "Enjoy the Silence," and the clean-and-sober comeback tracks "Suffer Well" and "Precious." This is as succinct an overview of this classic New Wave band as any available now or (inevitably) soon to be.

By their very nature, best-of collections lend themselves to nostalgia, and Depeche Mode's instantly identifiable sound and string of pervasive, catchy singles are undoubtedly the soundtrack to many memories--memories served well by this fine collection of beautifully remastered songs. If you've heard any of the band's double-disc rereleases, you'll have an idea of just how good their remastered songs can sound. While there are some obvious omissions ("Somebody," "Policy of Truth"), compiling a career-spanning collection of Depeche Mode's best would be considered a challenge for just about anybody; and as this is Vol. 1, it seems obvious that there's more to come. There are a couple odd choices in the mix ("See You," "New Life") and the obligatory new track ("Martyr"), but the non-chronological mix makes these classics sound fresh and better than ever. The accompanying DVD in the deluxe edition features 23 videos, including nearly every song on the CD, and a documentary--that's worth the price of admission alone. --Alan Wiley

Category Rock/Pop, Synth Pop, Rock
Label Reprise 
Orig Year 2006 
Discs 1 
Street Date Nov 14, 2006 
Studio/Live Studio 
Mono/Stereo Stereo 
Producer Daniel Miller (Compilation); Roland Brown (Compilation) 
    
Song Title 
 
  1. Personal Jesus 
  2. Just Can't Enough 
  3. Everything Counts 
  4. Enjoy The Silence 
  5. Shake The Disease 
  6. See You 
  7. It's No Good 
  8. Strangelove 
  9. Suffer Well 
  10. Dream On 
  11. People Are People 
  12. Martyr 
  13. Walking In My Shoes 
  14. I Feel You 
  15. Precious 
  16. Master And Servant 
  17. New Life 
  18. Never Let Me Down Again 

Enjoy! and please seed..
Ekolb