Drum and Bass - 


New Zealands Finest Release their Second Album. The Album is a Definite Progression from the Groups First Album "Realtime", with an Emphasis on Funky Dancefloor Grooves, While Maintaining Strong Musical Elements. - Amazon.com

On listening to the first few bars of opener "Shakedown", it becomes quickly apparent that Shapeshifter have taken a huge step up in terms of production and composition since their debut 'Real Time', its slinky groove and deep atmospherics are all class, recalling the subtle work of Total Science. "Phenomenon" treads similar ground, a solid groove this time touched up with jazz elements and a certain house influence. The album also features some strong vocal cuts, check Lady 6's contribution to the Bukem-like "When I Return", a world class slice of soulful D&B, "Been Missing" features tour emcee and full time member P-Digsss, who updates Common into his own language with some fine lyrics and emotional delivery, and finally Dallas (Fat Freddy's Drop) in his Joe Dukie alias sings all sweet like Luther Vandross on the sublime "Long White Cloud", which has to be one of the best examples of NZ D&B meets R&B yet. Shapeshifter show themselves to be very adaptable throughout, with the more dancefloor orientated material also excellent, "Tha Hybrid" is perfectly suited to its title, crashing through your speakers like a soundclash between Dillinja and London Elektricity. "Skateland Killa" is another banging cut that works for the mind and feet, while the group even pull off a disco influenced cut with the awesome groove of "Dynaflex". Anyone that has witnessed this group live know just how much effort and talent these guys put into their music, and with 'Riddim Wise' they have come up with what is arguably NZ's best Drum & Bass album release so far - what makes it really special however is the fact that it is a Drum & Bass album that would standout anywhere - and as a result Shapeshifter have an exciting future ahead of them. Recommended. Shipping 1st March. - nzmusic.com