Drawn Together Season 1 Uncensored DVDRip

http://www.tv.com/drawn-together/show/21914/summary.html
http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000A6T27G/002-8662978-8421601

Ripped using FairUse Wizard v2  fairusewizard.com/lang_en/

Notes about this rip:

Xvid+MP3: I aimed for about ~230MB (1/3 CD) per episode and used all the default choices FairUse made for me.

Okay, this is my first ever DVDRip and torrent.  I rented these discs from Blockbuster and was really disappointed with the quality.  I'm not any kind of expert in animation, but it seems like this DVD was poorly produced.  There were jaggies everywhere.  On those scenes where the camera zooms or pans a still image you could see all kinds of moire effects.  I don't know if something happened because DVDs are interlaced and I'm used to viewing everything I download already corrected for this or what.  I spent forever trying to find proper settings but ultimately, I don't think these DVDRips look even as good as the digital satellite rips from the original broadcast!

The whole DVD set seems like junk.  Only 7 episodes?  Not even the unaired one?  The 2nd DVD in this two disc set does have a lot of items on it (to make up for the fact it only has two episodes) but most of these extras are worthless.  The deleted scenes were already put back into the uncensored episodes, so watching them was mostly redundant.  The remaining extras are just the musical bits from the series with subtitles so you can sing-along or something.  And don't even get me started on the commentary tracks!  They don't even talk about the episodes at all.  They spend most of their time reliving gay experiences from their childhood.  For the last episode commentary, - I kid you not - they found an immigrant day laborer and had him read poor reviews of the show from their clipbook collection.

I couldn't figure out why the commentary was such crap until I listened to the hidden Easter Egg which was a recording of the show's creators talking with (I assume) their agent or someone at Comedy Central and bitching about how they felt no incentive to put any effort into the DVDs because they were going to get zero revenue from them.  At first I felt sorry for the creators but then I realized what idiots they were.  Everyone knows that you basically lose money on a show for the first year, or even two, banking on the fact that once its a hit, you have the network over a barrel.  These guys think that because they got an eight-episode deal they have a hit.  It's probably a small miracle they even got picked up a second season and with attitudes like that, I'm skeptical they will even make it through the year.

So anyway, seeing as how the creators get nothing, I see no reason not to release this.  I would hate for someone to buy it and find out what junk it is.  No doubt 99% of you just want to see the one or two places where there was a nipple blurred so if little round dots of color are your thing, go for it.  As for me, I'm going to wait and see how Season 2 turns out.  If it's good and they make a full 20+ episode run, I'll probably buy the DVDs for both seasons just to be complete.  But I'm not holding my breath and, with this torrent, you don't have to either.

-=|<=-
