Commander Keen Complete PC Collection Version 1.1 FIXED
A Preserved for Posterity Release
October 4, 2007

This is a bug-fixed release of Version 1.0. Originally
the installer created shortcuts to the documentation
files as: FILENAME.DOC.PIF. The proper method is to
create these files as: FILENAME.PIF. An oversight on
my part, as having two known extensions back to back
can cause certain virus scanners to complain of a
"hidden extension" (and YES - you should be very WARY
of hidden extensions - they are potentially dangerous,
especially if they are .vbs, .exe, .com, etc.). I hope
that I have rectified all of the problems, if not,
leave me a comment describing any problems you may
encounter, and I'll mention your "username" in the
next version ;-) Also, to fully uninstall version
1.0, after using the ADD/REMOVE programs CONTROL PANEL
APPLET to remove version 1.0, manually delete the folder:
Program FilesDOS ApplicationsApogeeCommander Keen Complete
if it is still there. This version (1.1) should do a proper
uninstall as well.
Thanks - PfP


This is a collection of all seven of the original
Commander Keen PC Games, PLUS the GameBoy Color
version, titled simply "Commander Keen". This
collection has been assembled with the modern PC in
mind, and thus the first seven games may be played
under emulation via DOSBox 0.72, partial emulation
via VDMSound 2.1.0, or directly via the Windows
Command Interpreter. These three options should
ensure that almost any PC will be able to properly
execute the games. The eighth game in the series
is playable on the PC via the included GameBoy
Color Emulator. In an attempt to make this as simple
as possible, this installer will install the games
and create the following program group:
START>PROGRAMS>GAMES>DOS>APOGEE>
COMMANDER KEEN COMPLETE
With the following subgroups:
CMD
Documentation
DOSBox
GBC
VDMSound
The icons in the CMD group will launch the games via
the Windows Command Interpreter. The icons in the
DOSBox group will launch the games via DOSBox emulation.
The icons in the GBC group will launch the GameBoy Color
version via a GBC emulator. Note that the original and
two hacked versions are included for the GameBoy Color
emulation. The icons in the VDMSound group will launch
the games via VDMSound partial emulation. The icons in
the Documentation group are the little bits of info that
were included with the files that I used to create this
installer. Obviously, for the VDMSound shortcuts to work,
VDMSound has to be installed, but don't worry, it's
installer will launch as part of this setup (during the
VDMSound setup, select all options or "Complete Install").
If VDMSound is not compatible with your system (or
Operating System), you can simply cancel the VDMSound
setup and the rest of this setup will complete - the icons
in the VDMSound group just won't function. The required
DOSBox files are automatically installed as part of this
setup - no need to worry if you already have DOSBox
installed - everything will work out just fine.



The following text is "borrowed" from: 
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Commander_Keen

Commander Keen is a series of video games developed
by id Software in the early 1990s, which was successful
at replicating the side-scrolling action of the NES
Super Mario Bros. games in MS-DOS. The cartoon-style
platformers are notable for their pioneering use of EGA
graphics and shareware distribution, and because they
were the first games by id Software (which went on to
develop blockbusters like Doom and Quake). The games were
also exciting to the PC gaming community of the time
because of John Carmack's revolutionary smooth-scrolling
graphics engine. Although developed by id, most of the
Commander Keen games were published by Apogee Software,
an already established MS-DOS shareware game publisher.
Tom Hall is Commander Keen's designer and the creator of
Keen's universe.

Episodes:
Seven official Commander Keen games were released for the
PC under MS-DOS. They are divided in mini-series, and are
considered "episodes" of the full series. Under the Apogee
version of the shareware model, usually the first episode
of a series was available at no charge. The eighth game in
the series is available exclusively for the Game Boy Color.


Commander Keen in Invasion of the Vorticons

1. "Marooned on Mars"
(first released as shareware on December 14, 1990).
While Commander Keen is exploring Mars, the Vorticon steal
four vital components of his ship and hide them in Martian
cities, each guarded by a Vorticon soldier. In this episode,
Keen acquires his trademark pogo stick and meets a variety
of Martian aliens and robots. 

2. "The Earth Explodes" 
Keen returns to Earth only to find the Vorticon mothership
hovering above, with its ray cannons locked on to eight of
Earth's greatest wonders, including the Egyptian pyramids and
the Sydney Opera House. Keen has to find and deactivate each of
the cannons to save Earth. Unlike the first game which had a
happy and friendly atmosphere, almost everything in this game
is hostile towards Keen, from the floating machine gun robots
to the electrified floors. The engine has a couple of extra
features such as light switches and moving platforms, making
this game the hardest of the trilogy. 

3. "Keen Must Die!" 
Keen travels to the Vorticon homeworld in search of the
mysterious Grand Intellect that has directed the Vorticons
toward Earth. The game features the cities, parks, and suburbs
of the Vorticons, and their women, children, pets, and mechanical
toys make up the enemies. The Vorticon alphabet is also decoded
in a school house, allowing for the player to travel to the other
in-game locations and read the Vorticon signs. 

Interlude

3.5. "Keen Dreams" aka The "Lost Episode"
(published as shareware by Softdisk) 
After refusing to eat his vegetables, Billy is sent to bed by
his parents. He falls asleep, only to awaken in a strange
vegetable kingdom led by the evil potato king Boobus Tuber,
who has imprisoned other sleeping children there. In the dream
world, Keen does not have his trademark raygun and pogo stick,
but has to defend himself with "Flower Power" seeds that
temporarily turn enemies into flowers. 

Commander Keen in Goodbye Galaxy!

4. "Secret of the Oracle"
(first released as shareware on December 15, 1991) 
Keen's newly finished homemade faster-than-light radio picks up
a plot by the Shikadi to destroy the galaxy. He rushes to the
planet Gnosticus IV to consult the Keepers of the Oracle, but
discovers that they have been taken captive. Thus, the gameplay
centers on Keen finding and rescuing the eight elders. This
episode features huge levels and a wide variety of enemies,
such as rocks that only move when your back is turned, and
improved game mechanics. 

5. "The Armageddon Machine" 
After getting information from the Oracle, Keen lands on a
massive Shikadi space station, the Omegamatic, nicknamed the
Armageddon Machine, and seeks out the mysterious Gannalech.
The gameplay centers on Keen advancing through the Omegamatic
to deactivate it. 

Commander Keen in Aliens Ate My Babysitter!

6. Aliens Ate My Babysitter!
(published commercially only by FormGen,
who resold it to Apogee; now discontinued) 
When Keen's babysitter Molly is abducted by the Bloogs, Keen
must come to her rescue by fighting his way through the
inhabitants of the planet Fribbulus Xax. This is the last
episode of the original Keen series. 

Commander Keen (GBC)

In 2001, Activision published a completely new Commander Keen
game for the Game Boy Color, simply titled Commander Keen. The
game, although developed with id's permission, did not involve
any of the original Keen developers, but was instead a David A.
Palmer Productions game. Most fans of the original games found
this game to be a disappointment, as it strayed from the
original gameplay and looks. Tom Hall, creative director and
designer of the original Commander Keen series, does not
consider this game to be a sequel. 

PfP - October 4, 2007