OFFICIAL MYSPACE: www.myspace.com/bataar

BatAAr
VACUOUS

2007/04/25

01. Lacerate the Ties That Bind
(Music: Felix, Lyrics: Patrik)

02. Tomorrow's Society
(Music: BatAAr, Lyrics: The Roy)

03. CONDEMNED NEKROPOL
(Music: Patrik, Lyrics: The Roy)

04. Serenity Sun
(Music: Patrik, Lyrics: The Roy)

05. Perfection
(Music: The Roy, Lyrics: The Roy)

06. THE GENERATION ANTHEM
(Music: Patrik, Lyrics: Patrik)


BatAAr is a Swedish band, not wanting to be associated with any one genre, from Gothenburg.

Created by fellow schoolmates Patrik (guitar) and Simon (guitar) in 2005. Later on Simon's cousin Felix (bass) joined, followed by Tobias (drums), who was introduced to the band through Felix. By late 2005 the main band was complete, but they still didn't have a singer. So, after experimenting with the vocals, the band decided to put out an advert for a vocalist, which was answered by Roy (vocals), though after some time. BatAAr was formed!

Through the later half of 2006, BatAAr focused on writing their own material instead of practicing on covers together. They earned 10 gigs that were part of something they called "TOUR06 Escape from Tomorrow's Society". They quickly became one of the more popular unsigned livebands and played both Rocka Fett and Partillerocken competitions where they made it to the semi-finals. TOUR06 Escape from Tomorrow's Society ended at the same place it started, the venue Härlanda Fängelse.

Through the first half of 2007, BatAAr recorded a mini-album titled "VACUOUS", it was recorded at Peekaboo Studios in Gothenburg Sweden. The band has finished playing a slew of live shows entitled "TOUR07 A VACUOUS EXISTANCE" and are currently writing/rehearsing new material for their current new batch of shows, entitled "TOUR07 PROPAGANDA FOR THE SINNERS". At one of these gigs, BatAAr performed together with Japanese Metal band Plasma-Jet, thus marking their steady rise for recognition.

With open minds and hungry eyes, they are ready to make history together.
