192kps.  Bringing it here because it's sort of hard to find.

****

 
http://www.allclassical.com/cg/amg.dll?p=amg&sql=10:wzarqj6uojha

A lengthy, seamless fusion of Western and non-Western electronic and acoustic elements, interspersed with soundbites and film samples, with a level of emotional engagement and compositional sophistication rare in music of this type. Uniformly enthralling.
 
http://www.emit.cc/artist/woob

Woob is U.K.-based ambient-dub musician Paul Frankland, whose albums for t:me recording are among the most praised and encompassing documents of post-rave ambient of the last several years. Incorporating Middle Eastern instrumentation and vocalese with Jamaican dub-style production, tight, snappy breakbeats, blankets of synth drone and melody, and heaps of treated samples and field recordings, Woob is a sort of state-of-the-art snapshot of heavily hybridized post-rave experimental ambient. Frankland first came to attention through his participation in a Future Music talent competition held at London's Wembley stadium, refereed by, among others, Mixmaster Morris (of Dreamfish and Irresistible Force fame). Frankland's entry in the seminar/competition ? a four-track demo tape ? was praised highly by Morris and subsequently passed to a number of British music journalists, eventuating Frankland's relationship with the Nottingham-based t:me recording label. Frankland released his first album woob 1194 through em:t and has since contributed tracks to many of their compilations, as well as releasing a follow-up full-length, woob2 4495 . State-side reissue of woob 1194 by the widely-distributed Instinct Records label has also given a boost to Woob's visibility, and Frankland's popularity is at or near that of his comparatively more prodigious contemporaries. In addition to his Woob work, Frankland also records (together with DJ Colin Waterton) as Journeyman for the Ntone label. The pair's work is similar to Frankland's own, although the Middle Eastern elements are largely replaced by less localizable, heavily treated and manipulated influences.