Alundra PSX

Winrar packed
CDs: 1
Image type: ccd,img,sub (CloneCD)
Language: US
Game description:
http://www.psxa2z.com/gpgs/BT0037.html

This game follows the classic RPG approach. Top view, colourful graphics, cute atmospheric music, one hero (you) tries to save the world and it involves a lot of action.

Also, this is someone elses work. My original CD is way to damaged to even think of putting it to the computer.

PCSXBOX configurations:
Darn I can't remember. On the PSX years ago I managed through the game but when I tried it again on the xbox I couldn't even get of the ship at the beginning. So I quickly gave it up. You just need the img file to play and have this in mind if it doesn't work.

* Turn off all graphic filterings.
* Set throttering to no keys.
* Try with BIOS.
* Turn of auto load last save state.
* Check this link http://forums.xbox-scene.com/index.php?showtopic=238506 to see how others did.


Other games that I have and all works on the Xbox. Make request here if you want.

Alundra 2
Brigandine US ( http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3388482 )
Brigandine Grand Edition Jap
Bust a Groove 1 and 2
Chrono Cross ( http://thepiratebay.org/details.php?id=3388893 )
Diablo
Digimon World
Final Fantasy VII
Legand of Dragoon
Legend of Mana
Lunar 2
R-Type Delta
Salamander DX
Star Ocean the 2nd Story (Doesn't work on the pcsxbox, hangs on the first battle, sorry.)

/Frezzno

- PSX - PCSXBOX ------------------------------------------
Playing PSX games on xbox is not only cool, it's also fun
and pleasent. Sometimes it's even better than playing on a
real Playstation. That is if you got the game to actually
work, which seems to be a difficult task. Because of that
few will choose to play PSX on the Xbox and a game will be
hard to find, as it already is. The Xbox community is big
and by introducing the PSX there a dying race might rise
again, or at least not be forgotten. And others, both old
and new, will have a chance to enjoy what once ruled the
earth. Please help this community by putting this entire
tag in your torrent description along with details of
Pcsxbox configuration for the game. By having this tag a
game will surely work on the Xbox when making a search on
PCSXBOX. While making a simple search on PSX others can
enjoy it on other systems as well.

/Thanks for sharing.
----------------------------------------------------------