ÛÛ²                  PerformanceTest v6.0.1008                      
Û Ý                                                                           
Û Ý                                                                           
±ÜÝÜ           Company Name ...: PassMark                                   
° Ý            Cracker ........: ARN                                       
° Ý            Packer .........: ARN                                       
  Ý            Protection .....: Other                           
  Ý            Crack Type .....: Cracked                                    
               Release Date ...: 12.01.2006
               Release Size ...: 3x 2.78 mb
               Release Type ...: Application
               Operating Sys ..: WinALL
                              Company Web Site
! http://www.passmark.com/products/pt.htm


                   Ý
 ° °°°° ±± ±±²²²ÛÛÛÝ ReL iNFoS:   ÞÛÛÛ²²²²±±± ±±°±°°°  °°° ° °°° °  °
         Ü   ÜÜ ÜÜÜÜÜÜ  ÜÜÜÜ  ÜÜ ÜÞÜÜÜÜ  ÜÜÜ  Ü

Fast, easy to use, PC speed testing and benchmarking. PassMark 
PerformanceTest ? allows you to objectively benchmark a PC using a variety 
of 
different speed tests and compare the results to other computers.

Find out if your PC is performing at its best. 
Compare the performance of your machine to similar machines. 
Measure the effect of configuration changes and upgrades. 
Avoid paying big bucks for poor performance. 
Make objective independent measurements on which to base your
purchasing decision. Versions:
V6.0 (Build 1008) Win32 
V6.0 (Build 1008) Win64 

Latest release date:
18 November 2005 (Win32) 
22 November 2005 (Win64) 

Platforms:
Windows 98, ME, 2000, XP, 2003 Server.
Available for both 32-bit and 64-bit platforms.
(Windows 95 and NT are not supported)
(Windows 98 requires IE 5.0 or higher) 

Requirements:
800x600 pixel display, DirectX 9.0 or higher, 64 MB RAM, 5 MB of free hard 
disk space (plus additional hard disk space to run the Disk test). 

Optional PerformanceTest hardware accessories:
Test CDs
Test DVDs

Related downloads 
PerformanceTest Baselines
PerformanceTest Documentation


Use the advanced tests to create you own benchmark scenarios 


Twenty five standard benchmark tests are available in six test suites plus 
there are five advanced testing windows for custom benchmarking. 

Standard test suites 

CPU tests Mathematical operations, compression, encryption, SSE, 3DNow! 
instructions and more 
2D graphics tests Drawing lines, bitmaps, fonts, text, and GUI elements 
3D graphics tests Simple to complex DirectX 3D graphics and animations

Disk tests Reading, writing and seeking within disk files 
Memory tests Allocating and accessing memory speed and efficiency

CD / DVD test Test the speed of your CD or DVD drive 
Advanced configurable tests

Advanced Disk 
Advanced CD / DVD 
Advanced 3D graphics 
Advanced Networking** (for Ethernet, Internet and Wireless) 
Advanced Memory** 
Advanced Multi-tasking** 
PassMark Rating and comparable baselines
In addition to the standard tests, there are 7 summary results plus the 
overall "PassMark Rating" result. The benchmark results are presented as 
easy 
to read bar charts so that you don't need to spend hours studying the number 

to know the result. Timing for the tests is done using high resolution 
timers, which are accurate to approximately 1 millionth of a second on most 
PC's.

A major advantage is the support for built-in baseline results which allows 
you to compare computer systems (a baseline is a standard set of results 
from 
another computer). These baseline results can be used to determine how fast 
your computer is in comparison with other computer systems.

The evaluation version of PerformanceTest contains the baseline results from 

seven different computer systems. After the software is purchased the user 
can access PassMark's database of baseline results where many other 
benchmark 
results can be downloaded.

Additional Features
