This  is  the  world's  best  Internet  browser.  Surf  fast,  secure  and  spyware-clean  with  Opera.

  Features:

  We've  cleaned  up  our  front  yard.  The  Opera  8  interface  is  designed  to  make  the  advanced  functions  easy  and  effective  to  use.  Menus,  toolbars  and  other  elements  have  undergone  our  "slim  and  clean"-routine.  Opera  offers  the  largest  browsing  area  in  the  industry.  
Tabbed  browsing  and  pop-up  blocking

  Opera  pioneered  tabs  and  pop-up  blocking  ages  ago.  But  they're  still  key  features  that  more  and  more  people  start  enjoying.  With  tabs  you  can  open  multiple  pages  within  the  same  application  window.  Opera  lets  you  control  whether  to  block  all  pop-ups,  or  open  only  the  ones  that  you  have  requested.   
Integrated  search

  Search  your  favorite  sites,  for  example  Google,  eBay,  or  Amazon  without  having  to  go  to  their  Web  pages.  Use  the  integrated  search  window  or  search  directly  in  the  address  field  using  shortcuts  (e.g.  writing  "g  Opera"  in  the  address  field  will  search  for  "Opera"  using  Google).   
Security

  Stay  away  from  spy-ware,  viruses,  and  other  malicious  applications  that  silently  attack  your  computer  while  you  are  surfing  the  Web.  For  example,  Opera  displays  security  information  inside  the  address  bar,  located  next  to  the  padlock  icon  that  indicates  the  level  of  security  present  on  a  site.  Opera  8  also  provides  protection  against  phishing  attacks  and  automatically  checks  for  security  updates.  More  about  security  
Speed

  We're  holding  on  to  our  claim:  "The  Fastest  Browser  on  Earth".  In  Opera  8,  further  improvements  have  been  made  in  the  way  the  browser  reads  pages  to  allow  you  to  fly  the  Web.  

 For  further  information  on  just  how  good  our  rewritten  scripting  engine  is,  go  to:  (Browser  speed  comparison)  
Password  manager

  Opera's  password  manager,  the  Wand,  remembers  your  usernames  and  passwords  so  you  will  not  have  to.  The  password  manager  can  store  more  than  one  username  and  password  combination  for  each  page,  and  will  let  you  choose  which  one  to  use  if  multiple  combinations  are  stored.   
Customization

  Using  the  'appearance'  dialog  you  can  make  Opera  look  almost  any  way  you  want.  Move  buttons  and  search  fields,  add  and  remove  toolbars,  and  so  forth.  Opera  skins  can  change  the  look  of  your  browser  by  giving  it  the  icons  and  buttons  of  your  choice.   
Fit  to  window  width

  Opera's  "fit  to  window  width"-feature  means  no  more  horizontal  scrolling  and  improved  ability  to  print  entire  Web  pages.  In  combination  with  Opera's  Zoom  function,  you  can  magnify  Web  pages  dramatically  and  still  view  them  without  having  to  scroll  sideways.   
Voice

  Opera  is  the  first  browser  to  prepare  for  a  future  of  Web  sites  offering  interactive,  voice-enabled  shopping  and  booking  systems.  You  can  browse  the  Web  using  spoken  commands,  such  as  "Opera  next  link",  "Opera  back",  or  "Opera  speak".  The  latter  command  will  make  Opera  read  Web  page  content  and  e-mail  messages  to  you  aloud  ,adding  usability  as  either  a  screen  reader  or  advanced  dictionary.  Voice  is  currently  offered  in  English  and  works  on  Windows  2000  and  XP.  A  headset  with  a  microphone  is  required  to  use  Voice.  
Additional  features
 Full  support  for  Gmail
 Support  for  Atom  newsfeeds
 First  Web  browser  to  natively  support  Scalable  Vector  Graphics  (SVG)


   Changelog  For  The  New  Build

  -Fixed  timestamp  bug  in  Mail.
 -Fixed  copy  bug  where  space  was  inserted  before  special  characters.
 -Fixed  bug  where  links  from  widgets  opened  in  new  window  not  tab.
 -Remember  widgets  independent  of  startup  option.
 -Reloading  open  message  when  IMAP  is  checking.
 -Fixed  bug  where  widget  handler  stole  focus  from  opera  when  starting.
 -Script  dialogs  now  have  the  option  to  stop  scripts  running  on  the  current  page,  in  order  to  prevent  further  dialogs  from  appearing.

Mac specific:
-Startup crasher fixed.
-CTRL+any key crash fixed.

  Downloaded  from  http://my.opera.com/desktopteam