A White Tiger RIP

Amazon.co.uk Review
Even by the standards of a genre not characterised by restraint, the 1974 rock opera Tommy is endearingly barmy, a bizarre combination of Pete Townshend's disturbed inspiration and director Ken Russell's wildly eccentric vision. Even if you gamely try and read allegorical meaning into it, the story is frankly odd: a child becomes psychosomatically deaf, dumb and blind after witnessing the murder of his father by his stepdad and goes on to become rich and famous as the world pinball champion (since when was pinball a world-class competitor sport?), before setting himself up as a latter-day messiah. It's about the travails of the post-war generation, the disaffection of youth, the trauma of childhood abuse, the sham nature of new-age cults, and many other things besides. At least, that's what Townshend and Russell would have you believe. But what's really important is the many wonderful, utterly bonkers set-pieces--effectively a string of pop videos--that occur along the way, performed by great guest stars: Tina Turner as the Acid Queen, Eric Clapton as the Preacher, Keith Moon as Uncle Ernie, Elton John's mighty rendition of "Pinball Wizard", even Jack Nicholson doing a turn as a suave specialist. 
Roger Daltrey is iconic in his signature role, and Oliver Reed makes up for a complete inability to sing with a bravura performance as his sleazy stepdad, but best of all is Ann-Margret as Tommy's mother Nora: her charismatic presence holds the loose narrative together and she richly deserved her Academy Award nomination; the sight of her in a nylon cat suit being drenched in baked beans and chocolate from an exploding TV set is worth the price of admission alone. 

Synopsis
This is the story of a boy who is stricken with conversion hysteria as a result of witnessing the murder of his father. In an attempt to return to normality he tries several rather bizarre cures. Classic rock opera. 


Låtar

1. Med Ann-Margret, Oliver Reed, Roger Daltrey, Elton John.     
2. Gästartister: Eric Clapton, John Entwistle, Keith Moon, Paul Nicholas,     
3. Jack Nicholson, Robert Powell, Pete Townshead, Tina Turner, The Who     
4. Overture from Tommy / Prologue 1945     
5. Captain Walker / It's a boy     
6. Bernie's holiday camp     
7. 1951 / What about the boy     
8. Amazing journey     
9. Fairground / Christmas     
10. Eyesight to the blind     
11. Acid queen     
12. Do you think it's alright 1     
13. Cousin Kevin     
14. Do you think it's alright 2     
15. Fiddle about     
16. Do you think it's alright 3     
17. Sparks / Extra! Extra! / Pinball Wizard     
18. Champagne     
19. There's a doctor I've found     
20. Rex Beans (linking music) Go to the mirror     
21. Tommy can you hear me?     
22. Smash the mirror     
23. I'm free     
24. Miracle cure     
25. Sally Simpson     
26. Mother and son     
27. I'm a sensation / Welcome / Hell's angels / Tommy's holiday camp     
28. We're not gonna take it     
29. Listening to you / See me, feel me     
 Region 2 & 4    
 Ljud: Dolby Digital    
 Bild: 4:3 


