Edit as of July 22nd 2009:

Whoa, to my surprise I stumbled across my old torrent of this classic game. Uploaded it way back in the day when TPB was mostly a Swedish phenomenon. Decided to update it for everyone that doesn't have Swedish as their native tongue (which from the comments I gather is quite a few ;)  )

The Baldur's Gate series is probably the best the world has seen so far in the RPG genre and it is a MUST play for anyone who's even remotely interested in these types of games. 

It is very rewarding to start with your character from BG1, play him through Tales of The Sword Coast and then Importing him to BG2 and finishing Throne of Bhaal with him. You also get the benefit of being able to add +1 to all your stats on your character in BG1, so if you're a powergamer, this is a must. Do note that not all classes in BG2 existed when BG1 was created, for instance there's no such thing as Sorcerer in BG1.

Since I posted this torrent, there has been a development from Pocket Plane Group called BG1Tutu. Basicly, it's a project that let's you play the BG1 content with the BG2 graphics enginge (as well as using the updated ruleset). It's well worth checking out, since the graphics are VASTLY superior in the BG2 Infinity engine. You can download and read more about Tutu here:

http://www.pocketplane.net/mambo/index.php?option=com_content&task=blogcategory&id=143&Itemid=98

Please observe, that to play BG1Tutu you will need a full install of BG2 as well. 

Install instructions:

- If you don't have Daemon Tools, go grab it (or something equivalent)
- Install as a FULL install (by choosing Custom Install and ticking all boxes). That way you won't have to go through the tedious disc swapping mayhem...

The legendary DSimpson FAQ is included, which is a must have if you're playing the BG series (he also created a wonderful FAQ for KoTOR). 

Detailed maps can be found at:

http://mikesrpgcenter.com/bgate/maps.html


PS. When you stumble across Noober, feel free to kill him. You won't lose any rep and someone as annoying as him deserves to taste your sword. DS



