INFORMATION OF THE MOVIE 
ORIGINAL TITLE(DEGREE): SIT 
YEAR: 2002 
THE DIRECTOR: Joan Gràcia, Carles Sans, Alpaca Mir 
INTERPRETERS: Joan Gràcia, Carles Sans, Alpaca Mir 
DURATION: 85 min.

KIND(GENRE): Comedy 
SYNOPSIS: The chair has been and is an indispensable object in the vital tour of the human being. From his(her,your) discovery we suppose in a prehistoric epoch riddled with natural and animal(rude) phenomena today in extinction, he(she) has accompanied the man in the majority of activities that it(he,she) realizes.  Spectator of privilege in equitable agreements of peace, succulent, banquets, agreeable chats, the most enterteining spectacles, hard judgments, long billiard cues you wait and passionate affairs. Tricycle also has had to the chair as co protagonist in many situations, gags and sketchs of his(her,your) anterirores spectacles like Slastic, Exit or Entretrés.

Today we choose it as point of item(game), principal protagonist and it(he,she) designs axis(axle) of our new spectacle..

IT(HE,SHE) CRITICIZES: Sit is this assembly(montage) that only there can allow him(you,them) the companies or groups that go way of turning in classic, that do not need to demonstrate anything (only his(her,your) name is already an unstoppable claim to fill theatres up to the flag) and that transmit the happiest sensation of being enjoying without limits what they do.

With a sense of the sweeping pace, Tricicle offers a collection of gags that go from the excellent thing to the simply unforgettable thing. A prologue that shows us the prehistoric moment of the invention of the first chair - trunk, a video that one would say a lucky honoring to Zelig's Woody Allen, or the constant session of laughs provoked from a court of armchairs in constant transformation they are between(among) the most dazzling successes(wisdom).

But even in his(her,your) more conventional fragments, Sit is a resounding(incredible) demonstration(proof) of the sweeping porqué success of a group to the one that would be difficult to question the primacy in his(her,your) area.


Text Ramon Oliver (The Netro.com) 


INFORMATION OF THE DVD 
SYSTEM: PAL 
AUDIO: Spanish 2.0 Dolby Digital 
SUBTITLES: Spanish 
RELATION OF ASPECT: 1.33:1, 4:3 
RIPEO's METHOD 
FORMAT: DVD5 => DVD5 
COMPRESSION: Without Compression. DVD decrypter, DVDRemake (Eliminated warnings) 
RAISE 
RAISED INFO: Between 12 and 14 daily hours(o'clock) to 30Kb/s (More or less ...).