The Troggs-Hit Single Anthology(1966-68)
Bit.256
Ripped from original CD

The Story Of "Wild Thing"

Larry Page was a budding record producer who had struck lucky with a band called the Ravens. He renamed them the Kinks, and played them "Louie Louie", after which Ray Davies came up with You Really Got Me. Following this success he got a call from someone who said they had a tape by a group who sang You Really Got Me better than the Kinks. He listened to the tape and told them to come back in a year's time, which they did - to the day! And so the Troggs' first recording session began. Lost Girl b/w The Yella In Me was released on CBS. According to Reg Presley it got one play on Radio Luxembourg at 3 a.m.!

However in 1965, The Wild Ones, a house band for a posh discotheque run by Richard Burton's ex-wife Sybil recorded a song Reg and writer of Wild Thing Chip Taylor, on stage 2001called Wild Thing, written by Chip Taylor, brother of actor John Voight and a performer in his own right. During a trip to New York, Larry Page heard the demo of Wild Thing, but according to Reg Presley, he wanted the Troggs to record it as a B side, reserving the A side for The Lovin' Spoonful's "Did You Ever Have To Make Up Your Mind" instead. The band however thought differently - all those harmonies on the Spoonful song just wasn't them. The Larry Page Orchestra had a session booked, and The Troggs were told to wait outside in the van in case there was any studio time left. They waited in their van until they got the signal. There was three quarters of an hour for them to get their equipment in, get a sound, get the songs recorded and get out again. Wild Thing and With A Girl Like You were both recorded in two takes, in ten minutes!

Label: Fontana
Year: 1991
Track Title	
1.	Wild Thing	 
2.	From Home	 
3.	With A Girl Like You	 
4.	I Want You	 
5.	I Can't Control Myself	 
6.	Gonna Make You	 
7.	Anyway That You Want Me	 
8.	66-5-4-3-2-1	 
9.	Give It To Me	 
10.	You're Lyin'	 
11.	Night Of The Long Grass	 
12.	Girl's In Black	 
13.	Hi Hi Hazel	 
14.	As I Ride By	 
15.     Love Is All Around	 
16.	When Will The Rain Come	 
17.	Little Girl	 
18.	Maybe The Madman