Blood Sucking Freaks (1976) [Director's Cut]

IMDB Link:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0077247/

----

Ok, back to the HOW FAR CAN A MOVIE GO theme...Bloodsucking Freaks...this one goes all of the way.  I can't really classify it as porn or mock snuff...it's not real, that's for sure, and yet...hahaha...you'll just have to see it.

One of the best B movies of all time.

ok, this version is the 88 min DIRECTOR'S CUT, which is supposed to contain the bad shit that was cut out of the rated X version to get an R rating.  It should be noted, that the Uncut version is 91 minutes, so there is 3 minutes of shit you're missing.  Troma, supposedly cut it to 88 minutes, but cut out shit that didn't make sense, whilst leaving in the good stuff, so that the film would be the length of the R rated film, and fool the censors.

So what I am saying, is the uncut movie is 91 minutes, the rated R is 88 minutes, and the Director's Cut is 88 minutes as well, but has shit that wasn't in the R version.  Get it?

----

Mini Plot (warning, possible spoilers!):

Bloodsucking Freaks, is about Master Sardu, a man who runs a theater for the macabre where he takes women on stage and has his helper (a midget named Ralphus) brutally kill and torture them in some way. The audience is supposed to think that this is all a well done trick and they all seem to like it except for one critic who tells Sardu, how terrible it is. So, Sardu has the critic kidnapped and plans to use him for his next show. He also has a famous ballerina kidnapped for his next show as well planning on it being a success. For awhile nothing happens except we see Sardu, and Ralphus torture and brutally kill several women and we also learn that in a dungeon downstairs he has a bunch of naked women who are now cannibals. Through the tortures a lot of gore is followed. Bloodsucking Freaks, was banned in America, for quite some time after a protest by Women Against Pornography. The film's distributor Troma had to cut the X rated film in order for it to get an R rating. But instead Troma, sent out the unrated version to theaters and a lot of people complained about how bad the content was for an R rated movie so The Motion Picture Association of America sued Troma for improper use of the R logo. The film was banned in Germany and in Canada in the province of Ontario. The version I saw was the unrated director's cut on DVD. Bloodsucking Freaks, is very poorly made and because of this a lot of the scenes that were meant to be sickening made me laugh out loud. The film while cruel was also interesting and in some weird perverted ways it was creative at times. The film isn't a great film but it entertained me for the most part but mostly because of it's camp value and for a few good laughs. I can see however why many women would be offended by this film and it certainly isn't for the squeamish.

----

Encoded by: sickboy88
Codec: XviD 1.1.0 Beta 2
Bitrate: 967 kb/s AVG
Aspect: 640x496 = 1.29:1
Audio: English, 128 VBR Stereo @ 48K Hz
Subtitles: None
Runtime: 01:28:24
FPS: 23.976

----

If you are going to watch this, you'll want to install the NEW XviD codec:

Now at Beta 2!

http://www.koepi.org/XviD-1.1.0-Beta2-04042005.exe

For top quality, make sure you use the XviD decoder configerator, and turn
on (Y) and (UV) deblocking, and the new feature of
XviD 1.1.0 (Y) and (UV) DERINGING.

If you have a slow computer, please turn off pre-processing. I don't want
another stupid motherfucker telling me that my movies are out of sync
because they are totally computer illiterate.