The group's first album. 


LGNY wrote on June 26th 2001:

OUTMUSIC:
Antony and the Johnsons (World Serpent)

Not since Klaus Nomi became an international star with his freaky opera-tinged dance music has an authentic gender-variant artist grabbed the attention of the New York Times, a long overdue wake up call to all those who crave knowing what and who matters in art...

What was not known at first was that hidden inside this delicate hollyhock of a man was an exquisite voice. First in line lusting towards Antony's gorgeous, delicate, Beowulf voice was La Diva Populi, Diamanda Galas. Listening fill all of us so full of wonder at the enormous emotional resonance spewing from the painted lips of this psychedelic vision of Dylan's Johanna.

Antony may be the eight wonder of the modern world. He is Moses crossing the gender divide in a blood red dress. He is St. John of the Cross preparing the way for a new expression of gender in art, He is Joan of Arc choosing song rather than sword to stamp out the flaming faggots on fire at his feet. He is the avenging Angel making safe the world for all the future Marsha P. Johnsons and every single child who grows up knowing they are different.

He is a modern mystic using sound and emotional energy in the way the painter Robot Irwin does on canvas to tear at the hypocrisy keeping in the dark the essential right to the infinite expansion of beauty humans have the capacity to be.

Make no mistake this is no freak show. Antony and the Johnsons are a shining light beaming down the path of self definition, a gift of an expanded understanding of humanity unfettered by the limiting definitions of what is masculine and what is feminine.

Antony presents one vivid vision of how to bring Kali-like balance to personhood. He stands welcoming at the gate each of us has to pass through to find our individual selves.

Herein is a soundtrack for personal salvation. His "Rapture" is the most exquisite cry of love written in the last 50 years.

Antony is the oracle at the gate of identity.

Thank you Klaus, thank you Cockettes, thank you Marsha P. Johnson, thank you Dr Julia Yasuda, thank you Leigh Bowery, thank you David Tibet for saying yes, yes, yes to Antony to be his own glorious self. - Jim Fouratt