Enjoy  ;D 
 
http://www.amazon.com/Human-Anatomy-Physiology-Elaine-Marieb/dp/0805359095 

Book Description 
KEY BENEFIT: With each edition of her top-selling Human Anatomy & Physiology text, Elaine N. Marieb draws on her own, unique experience as a full-time A&P professor and part-time nursing student to explain concepts and processes in a meaningful and memorable way. With the Seventh Edition, Dr. Marieb has teamed up with co-author Katja Hoehn to produce the most exciting edition yet, with beautifully-enhanced muscle illustrations, updated coverage of factual material and topic boxes, new coverage of high-interest topics such as Botox, designer drugs, and cancer treatment, and a comprehensive instructor and student media package. The Human Body: An Orientation, Chemistry Comes Alive, Cells: The Living Units, Tissue: The Living Fabric, The Integumentary System, Bones and Skeletal Tissues, The Skeleton, Joints, Muscles and Muscle Tissue, The Muscular System, Fundamentals of the Nervous System and Nervous Tissue, The Central Nervous System, The Peripheral Nervous System and Reflex Activity, The Autonomic Nervous System, The Special Senses, The Endocrine System, Blood, The Cardiovascular System: The Heart, The Cardiovascular System: Blood Vessels, The Lymphatic System, The Immune System: Innate and Adaptive Body Defensives, The Respiratory System, The Digestive System, Nutrition, Metabolism, and Body Temperature Regulation, The Urinary System, Fluid, Electrolyte, and Acid-Base Balance, The Reproductive System, Pregnancy and Human Development, Heredity For all readers interested in human anatomy & physiology. 

About the Author 

Elaine N. Marieb began her teaching career at Springfield College, where she taught A&P to physical education majors.  She then joined the faculty of the Biological Science Division of Holyoke Community College with a Ph.D. in zoology from the University of Massachusetts at Amherst. As a result of her contact with her students at Holyoke Community College, many of whom were pursuing degrees in nursing, she developed a desire to better understand the relationship between the scientific study of the human body and the clinical aspects of nursing practice.  Still teaching full-time, Dr. Marieb pursued her nursing education, which culminated in a Master of Science degree with a clinical specialization in gerontology from the University of Massachusetts.  It is this experience, along with stories from the fieldâ??including those of former students now in health careersâ??that has informed the development of the unique perspective and accessibility for which her texts and laboratory manuals are known.  



Katja Hoehn is an instructor in the Department of Chemical, Biological, and Environmental Sciences at Mount Royal College in Calgary, Canada. She received her M.D. (with Distinction) from the University of Saskatchewan, and her Ph.D. in Pharmacology from Dalhousie University. Dr. Hoehn has been a contributor to several books and has written numerous research papers in Neuroscience and Pharmacology.  In 1991, the Dalhousie Medical Research Foundation presented her with the Max Forman (Jr.) Prize for excellence in medical research.  During her 11 years at Mount Royal College, Dr. Hoehn has received numerous awards including a PanCanadian Educational Technology Faculty Award (1999), a Teaching Excellence Award from the Studentâ??s Association of Mount Royal College (2001), and the Mount Royal College Distinguished Faculty Teaching award (2004).  She is also actively involved in the Human Anatomy and Physiology Society (HAPS). 

:-D 

Thanks to the original uploader RPALA