Ultimatesquash 
What is this about? This version adds most of the deleted content, altering plot elements slightly and enhancing certain scenes.
original film name: Tenacious D in The Pick of Destiny 
film studio name: new line cinema
Date Original Film Was Released: 2006
Date Edit Was Released: 30/05/2007
Original Runtime: 93 minutes
New Runtime: 111 minutes
Amount of time Cut/Added: a few seconds and frames cut, 18 min added
Cuts removed/added/extended:
extended - clockwork orange sequence
extended - extened training sequence where KG teaches JB to play video games and JB discovers another 'royalty cheque'.
extended - Neil Hamburger stand up scene.
extended - coming off stage from the first gig
extended - writing a masterpiece speech
added - Ben Stiller 'rock on, rock warriors' plus JB and KG coming up with the plan to get Lee's car.
added - the deleted song 'government totally sucks' deleted scene edited down due to length and impact.(jesus ranch demo edited into scene).
added - KG opening up to JB in the car while JB day dreams. (jesus ranch demo edited into scene).
added - Lee's legendary reaction to master exploder
extended - JB ordering ridculous things from halfway house waitress.
extended - Tim Robbins picking a seat by JB at halfway house.
extended - Tim Robbins talking to JB in the toilet.
added - KG explaining to fraterity dudes at the party how he's looking for sex.
extended - Sasquatch shake your tushy extened version
added/removed - JB battles the evil fuck monster rather than crawling off Sasquatch
removed/added - alternate take of security guards talking while JB 'storms the gates'.
extended - JB in air duct long version.
extended - lasers long version.
extended - extened car chase (video game pay off).
added - JB and KG visit lee and explain about his car. (special thing HBO song edited into scene .feat Lee singing)
added - alternate ending used as a flashback when recalling the song they sung on that fateful night!
DVD - Features:
DVD5. inc. menu and chapters.
Conceptual improvements/advancements of edit over original: 
a longer version to offer to die hard D fans. this version makes Lee's character more important, adds the deleted song and the best of the deleted material.
THIS IS A FAN EDIT FOR PEOPLE WHO ALREADY OWN THE ORIGINAL FILM
PLEASE DELETE IF YOU DO NOT ALREADY OWN THIS FILM
