Trillade över den här på filemp3 för ett par dagar sen.. tycker om det jag hört hittills och tänkte att "varför inte dela med sig?", så här är det. 

plz stay and help seed. 

hojta på kommentaren när reseed behövs. litar inte helt 100% på tpb info. 

edit: 
det var väl själve fan va USLA NI IDIOTER ÄR PÅ ATT SEEDA! 
låt skiten stå på när ni är klara för i helvete! 
---------------------
ARTIST: The Boxer Rebellion
TITLE: Exits
LABEL: Mercury
GENRE: Indie
BITRATE: 205kbps avg
PLAYTIME: 0h 40min total
RELEASE DATE: 02 May 2005
RIP DATE: 12 Apr 2005

Track List
----------
01. Flight                          4:12
02. All You Do Is Talk              3:02
03. We Have The Place Surrounded    4:26
04. Watermelon                      3:26
05. The New Heavy                  2:13
06. World Without End              4:15
07. Never Knowing How Or Why        4:10
08. Lay Me Down                    5:21
09. Cowboys And Engines            3:35
10. The Absentee                    5:51

Release Notes:

Fleeing his native Tennessee in 2000 at the age of 19 after the death of his
mother, The Boxer Rebellion’s singer, Nathan Nicholson found himself alone in
London. Three years later he would find himself on a life support machine with
his band about to go out on their first major tour alongside Razorlight and The
Killers.

“When you come face-to-face with death it changes the way you face up things,”
he muses now. “You can run but you can’t hide and I suppose this record is what
it sounds like to face all your demons and deal with your emotions.” Indeed, The
Boxer Rebellion is the sound of a fiery battle ground.

“If you’re crying out for substance in music, The Boxer Rebellion are here to
sooth your soul," Kerrang

The years in between saw a chance meeting between Nicholson and guitarist, Todd
Howe, at London’s 12 Bar Club soon cemented into a firm friendship. Living and
writing together, the duo caught the attention of bassist, Adam Harrison and
drummer Piers Hewitt - friends from college, who completed the line-up.

In June 2003 The Boxers bolstered their way onto Glastonbury’s New Bands tent
via a Playlouder competition ahead of some unknowns called Keane. Snapped up by
Alan McGee before the enormity of what they were doing had even registered, they
spent months in the studio rehearsing and writing before disaster struck again
for Nicholson.

Floored by stomach cramps, riders were swapped for saline drips as Nathan left
behind the sweaty British tour circuit for a hospital bed and a twelve hour
operation to remove a life-threatening growth from his stomach. He was lucky.
The band was unlucky.

Recovery was to take up the first quarter of 2004, but the band soon regained
their footing and went into the Jacobs in Surrey with Chris Sheldon (Foo
Fighters, Oceansize). If only it was that easy. With the album deadline looming,
large chunks of tape were binned as the boys retreated to The Bunker in Chiswick
with Mark Robinson who had done their original demos to try and capture more of
their true sound. What emanated from these sessions was the raw, visceral drone
rock monster they had become loved for. The “pathological noise-rush warfare not
heard since the old school mentalism of Richard Ashcroft,” to quote NME.

With a mammoth UK tour supporting Biffy Clyro completed at the end of 2004, The
Boxer Rebellion kick off 2005 on the Jim Beam Music Tour alongside The
Raveonettes and Dogs.