 http://forums.ageofconan.com/showthread.php?t=44779

During the Conan goes to TromsÃ?Â¸ event Erling Ellingsen held a
1 hour presentation on how Funcom is making Age of Conan.

In addition to the previously published gameplay video from
that event the presentation part is now finally ready
to be published !

I filmed it in DVD quality with some sparse lighting and its been
itching on my hard drives ever since

It kicks off with the Poitain soundtrack and a collection new screenshots from the development process.
The main parts of the presentation and the new information is presented by Erling Ellingsen (Lord Orion)
where all of the developers diaries are used as examples to illustrate what he\'s talking about.

The talking is in Norwegian and the amount is just way to much for a single soul like myself to translate it all.
This is where our Norwegian speaking (and understanding) part of the community comes in.

This also leads me to the purpose of publishing this video.
You see, the presentation goes in depth into the development process of Age of Conan
and deep into how Funcom works as a game publisher.
Its about Funcom, its departments, the developers, the processes and many more aspects of the development process.
So - i would like to encourage all those who understand whats being said to watch it at
least twice - when you get the time
My hope is that it will enable you to become a much more enlightened community member who can
assist on the forums to keep information sober, correct and proportionate to the factual realities.

My hope is that those who understands whats being said can help the community, both with regards
to whats being factually said in the presentation, but more important in the long run
- keep our community sober and factual with regards to the information flow and developments, on a daily basis.

So in the future at some time, when someone asks for a change in development, a new feature,
a change in the development, my intentions are for more people to be able to keep all of us more focused onto
whats possible and whats more or less impossible to do.

With that being said, i\'m not going to go any deeper into this and just give you:

The video for windows version as a torrent.