The Departed DVD SCREENER AUDIO FIXED By deathmule


i fixed all the audio problems, from voices being off to hearing gun fire and bagpipes in scenes where there not supposed be. this DVD is GREAT QUALITY and its the best release out. i spent along time putting the audio together and converting it into 16:9 DVD. i hope you guys enjoy it :)

Full Details
------------

\'The Departed\' is set in South Boston, where the state police force is waging war on organized crime. Young undercover cop Billy Costigan (Leonardo DiCaprio) is assigned to infiltrate the mob syndicate run by gangland chief Costello (Jack Nicholson). While Billy is quickly gaining Costello\'s confidence, Colin Sullivan (Matt Damon), a hardened young criminal who has infiltrated the police department as an informer for the syndicate, is rising to a position of power in the Special Investigation Unit. Each man becomes deeply consumed by his double life, gathering information about the plans and counter-plans of the operations he has penetrated. But when it becomes clear to both the gangsters and the police that there\'s a mole in their midst, Billy and Colin are suddenly in danger of being caught and exposed to the enemy -- and each must race to uncover the identity of the other man in time to save himself. 
 

Starring: Leonardo DiCaprio, Matt Damon, Jack Nicholson, Mark Wahlberg, Jack Nicholson  
Directed by: Martin Scorsese  
Produced by: Roy Lee, Doug Davison, Gianni Nunnari  


Genres: Action/Adventure, Drama, Thriller, Crime/Gangster and Remake 
 
Running Time: 2 hrs. 30 min. 
 
Release Date: October 6th, 2006 (wide) 
 
MPAA Rating: R for strong brutal violence, pervasive language, some strong sexual content and drug material. 
 
Distributors: Warner Bros. Pictures Distribution, Warner Bros. Pictures International 
 
Production Co.: Initial Entertainment Group, Plan B, Vertigo Entertainment 
 
Studios: Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc. 
 
Financiers: Media Asia Films 
 
U.S. Box Office: $96,935,185 
 
Filming Locations: Boston, Massachusetts, USA
New York, New York USA
Quincy, Massachusetts, USA 
 
Produced in: United States 
--------------------------

My other torrents 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/deathmule

Please seed thanks :)