PAINBASTARD - Borderline (2007)

Quality of MP3s: 128 KBPS, 44100 Hz, and Stero
Total Playtime: 1hr14min20sec

Part I: Rage
01. Borderline
02. Digging Our Own Graves
03. Kein Vergeben
04. Hope Dies Last (feat. Nemrod / DEMENTI)
05. Cold World
06. A Fool In Love
07. Web Of Lies
08. Madhouse Earth
09. Borderline Reprise (Type III traumatized by
AMNISTIA)
Part II: Melancholy
10. Mondscheinsonate
11. Stirb' Noch Nicht
12. Liebe, Die Verbrennt
13. Parting From You
14. Beyond All Borders

Short Review (from Sideline Magazine: http://www.side-line.com/reviews_comments.php?id=26623_0_17_0_C)

After 2 honest albums, Alex P. aka Painbastard has seriously improved the global production of his project. This 3rd full length even starts in a furious and outstanding way. The title song opens the fire in a devastating way. ?Borderline? is a real great song featuring dark electronic power, heavy pounding rhythms and heavy distorted vocals. This song opens the 1st part of this album entitled ?Rage?. The songs indeed are full of rage and Painbastard here joined a state of dark electronic terror that will for sure bring this album to conquer many dancefloors and dark souls. ?Digging our own graves? comes next and already surprises with an achieved and mature composition. It?s cliché, but who cares when efficiency leaves you simply breathless! I always felt certain potential emerging from this band, but I never expected such an evolution. ?Kein vergeben? goes on a similar way and again it left me breathless. The sound of Painbastard became rougher, more powerful and elaborated. The vocals are the ultimate witness of this state of rage reaching some new peaks on songs like ?A fool in love? and ?Madhouse earth?. The 2nd part of the album features 5 more songs and has been entitled ?Melancholy?. These songs are definitely softer and now and than even a bit soundtrack like. It sounds with the so called ?Mondscheinsonate?, which has been originally composed by Ludwig von Beethoven. The real masterpiece in this part is the last cut entitled ?Beyond all borders?. It?s a bit harder again, but quite close to the atmospheric side of Yelworc? but it?s definitely better than what Yelworc is doing since its resurrection! ?Borderline? is a must have for all dark electro lovers! (DP:8)DP.