***Some folks in here have a nasty habit of spamming my posts with false virus warnings, and would eventually, possibly, try to get me banned from this place. I upload A LOT of material about 9/11 being a staged event, and they seem to trigger a lot of those false virus warnings from a user named "b2pilot187". Now, he is obviously either a disinformer or simply just the everyday-idiot, because my files are videofiles, hence impossible to infect with a virus. This user has been reported to the admins of this place, so I hope this matter will be setled sooner rather than later. Until then, simply ignore this person. But I would urge anyone not to ignore a virusscan in any event. I suspect he won't even read this, because he simply searches for "911" and spam each and every post with these warnings. Hence, you will probably find another one below, in the comment section.***

ReVIsed alias Masterpiece

Synopsis:

George Humphrey provides objective and factual information while asking relevant questions concerning events which took place on September 11. This booklet gives a clear summary of the occurrences of 9/11 uncovering "The Great Illusion" presented by the predominate media. An invaluable tool to use at a grass roots level. Starting with ourselves, we can restore sanity and justice, one person at a time.

"The only way we are going to stop this freight train to tyranny is when enough people open their minds to the undeniable truth and have the courage to stand up for our nation and Republic."

--George Humphrey

Runtime......: 01:53:24
Video Codec..: Windows Media Video V8
Video Bitrate: 321 kbit/s
Audio Codec..: Windows Media Audio V8
Audio Bitrate: 32 kbps, 32 Khz
Frame Size...: 320x240


George Humphrey - Uncommon Sense - Your Choice: The Blue Pill or the Red Pill

Uncommon Sense goes deeply into the cultural issues that affect us directly, describing many of the Machiavellian methods that the Elite use to create fear. Will we live in that fear or in conscious love? George Humphrey powerfully provides 55 positive suggestions as to what we can actually do to protect our Republic and be moved to a new level spiritually.

Audio Codec.: MP3
Audio Bitrate: 80 kbps, 22 Khz, Stereo