Game information:
   =================
   
   Many years ago in the land of Flanaess, an evil demoness founded a cult 
   dedicated to elemental evil, the four elements as symbols of true evil, 
   and based it in a temple outside the village of Nulb. Eventually, after 
   years of tyranny and chaos, the good armies of the nearby lands,
   headed by the infamous Circle of Eight descended into the temple and   
   razed it,    imprisoning the villains inside. For years thereafter relative
   peace    ensued, as daring adventurers slew the remaining monsters 
   that ravaged the    land above and the temple itself faded into but a 
   distant memory...until 
   now
   
   Bandits have begun to patrol the roads outside Hommlet and Nulb again. 
   Wicked forces are rumored to be afoot, converging on the ruined temple 
   for malevolent purposes. Who and what these men are, no one can be 
   sure. All claim to be bent on slaying monsters and bringing peace and  
   security to Hommlet; but deeds speak more loudly than words, and lies 
   cloak the true purposes of the malevolent. 
   
   So begins the classic Gygax D&D module, ‘The Temple of Elemental Evil’, 
   brought to the PC for the first time with 3.5 Edition rules by Troika 
   Games. A game like no other; where players will assemble a party of 
   adventurers to uncover the source of this sinister and ominous activity, 
   rallying to the very heart of evil within the Temple itself. 
   
   -Literal computer translation of one of the world’s most beloved 
    Dungeons & Dragons campaign settings, the Realm of Greyhawk. The 
    first and only PC game to utilize the newly released D&D 3.5 Edition 
    Rules. 
   
   -Options for creating up to five characters per party, in a reactive world 
    filled with nonplayable characters (NPCs) that react differently to the  
    unique attributes of the adventuring party 
   
   
   -Improved, easy-to-use turn-based combat system quickens gameplay 
    and allows players to better manage battles and spell casting 
   
   -Dozens of skills and class abilities, over 50 feats and hundreds of   
    spells from which to chose, including cleric domain spells 
   
   -Multiple quest solutions lead to different paths for different parties 
      
   -Over 50 side quests allow players to explore beyond the main storyline 
   
   -Multiple starting points depending on the party’s alignment, and multiple 
    end games depending on how the game is played 
   
   -More than a 100 different monsters, from goblins and hill giants to   
    elementals and demons 

   This is the English version Have fun.