Stormy Daniels - 2 scenes from "Operation Desert Stormy"  (2007)


Scene 1:
Cast:
Stormy Daniels, Randy Spears

Sex ingredients:
Sexy dress. Touching. On bed. Topless. Titty sucking. Eats her. Fingers her. Nude. Safe screwing cowgirl, side saddle, mish, mish & clit solo. She strokes him off in her open mouth. BJ clean up. Cum showing. Swallows. 

Scene review:
The opening credits for this movie aren't to shabby either, I just noted in the Babysitters how good those were and I can say these aren't to bad either and you can't help but notice the nod to the James Bond flicks with the bubble and inside it a woman holding a gun in the now famous pose instead of a guy. Then the shot opens with Stormy and Randy starting to do the tango-- remember the Arnold movie True Lies where he does the tango, well here you get the familiar music but we won't be stopping with the dance like in the movie, nope we get some hot'n'heavy sex after they work up a sweat. Randy offers up congratulations on Rachel-that's Stormy, becoming a secret agent, but he's not her hubby who has gone bye bye but wife isn't to sad over this. So we get the two on the bed making out but before they can get real down'n'dirty they have to unload all their weapons and you get a funny site as they start discarding all their weapons which up to this point had been hidden on their person and they had lots of them, lol, makes you wonder how they got around and more importantly did that dance! Well we do get some nice breast sucking by Randy who correctly notes they are nice tits but that's an understatement, Stormy's got a fabulous rack and I just love whenever they come out to play.

Randy also moves down to dine on that juicy pussy before we move to the sex. The lightings perhaps a tad dark here but it feeds into the vibe of nightime sex in the bedroom which hey isn't lit up with C-lights all over for us to perfectly see, lol, so I wasn't to bummed out you still get more than enough of Stormy to get you to where you want to go. Now sexwise you get some fine booty shots as she rides Randy in cowgirl, even reaching back to grab her heels to help her push down even harder on his cock. An even better shot then follows with Miss Daniels in reverse cowgirl and well those titties were front and center here, those nipples were like a beacon calling out suck me, suck me and reverse has a way of doing that for me. Randy also does some great work pounding that pussy in mish with more great boobage and wait until the end when he unloads a great pop to her mouth after some good head by Stormy. She even shows off the jizz like a good gonzo girl would, then swallows it and we're off to a great start-- then she wakes up, lol, and unfortunately for her, that means hubby is still alive and you see they have quite a strained relationship as they go through their morning routines. Steven snakes the shower from Stormy who in turn snakes the last bit of milk so he can't have his cereal-- a typical marriage, lol. I can't help but think of the Mr. & Mrs. Smith movie that came out last year and wonder if we won't have a similar knock out drag out fight with the two eventually hooking up in the throws of passion, stay tuned.


Scene 8:
Cast:
Stormy Daniels, Steven St. Croix

Sex ingredients:
Nude. On bed. Kiss. Eats her. Clit solo. BJ. Safe screwing mish, head down ass up, spoon, on her back with legs up. He strokes off on her belly. Lots of cum. Kiss.

Scene review:
Ok we're at the point where all the dangling plot points are resolved, like Randy wasn't dead, nursed back to health by Kaylini, The Brits are there to offer up their congrats and then Steven and Stormy are allowed to make their exit so perhaps some action will take place between them and sure enough we get them in bed and Steven starts off kissing Stormy, moving down her tits and finally nestled between her thighs he eats her pussy. The lighting's real good here too as we watch Stormy engulfing his cock. Some good solid vag sex leads to a big blast off on her belly. As they cuddle in the afterglow you hear the cell ringing with their latest mission and they chuckle as the Bondian music pipes in.



SCREENS: 
http://www.jam-hot.com/details.php?id=13902








.

