At long last Bridget Jones (RENEE ZELLWEGER ) -- 30-something, self-doubting, self-analyzing, career-minded, calorie-counting London singleton -- has found romantic bliss. For six glorious weeks (71 ecstatic shags), she has been the girlfriend of the exquisitely flawless human rights lawyer Mark Darcy (COLIN FIRTH) and nothing could be better. Or --- could it? Despite Darcy’s apparent devotion, Bridget still finds herself asking questions about life, love and the proper way to put away underwear. Having finally found her man, Bridget is faced with the equally flummoxing challenge of keeping him. She can’t help but wonder: what exactly is it that comes after the happily ever after? 

And just as she’s starting to figure it all out, enter the competition: Darcy’s drop-dead, legs-up-to-there, never-says-the-wrong-thing new colleague. Suddenly jealousy, uncertainty and temptation -- in the form of Bridget’s former boss and womanizing heart-throb Daniel Cleaver (HUGH GRANT) -- threaten to upend Bridget’s dream in a comic maze of bad advice, silly mix-ups and total disasters that could only happen to her. 

In a story that travels from the streets of London to the slopes of the Alps and the shores of Thailand -- and finds Bridget skydiving (or falling), skiing (sort of) and going straight to jail (all a big mistake, really) -- Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason takes our beloved Bridget on a hilarious and unexpected new journey as she navigates the treacherous territory of modern love without ever losing her inimitable sense of humor. 

Academy Award winner Renee Zellweger (Chicago, Cold Mountain) reprises the role that brought the actress her very first Oscar nomination, alongside Bridget Jones’s Diary alumni Hugh Grant (Love Actually, About a Boy) as the irresistible Daniel Cleaver and Colin Firth (Girl With a Pearl Earring, Love Actually) as the dashing Mark Darcy, all under the direction of BEEBAN KIDRON (To Wong Foo, Thanks For Everything! Julie Newmar, Antonia and Jane) from a screenplay written by ANDREW DAVIES (Bridget Jones’s Diary, television’s Pride and Prejudice), HELEN FIELDING (novelist of both Bridget Jones’s Diary and Bridget Jones: The Edge of Reason), RICHARD CURTIS (Love Actually, Bridget Jones’s Diary, Notting Hill) and ADAM BROOKS (Wimbledon, French Kiss). 

Also reprising their Bridget Jones roles are Oscar winner JIM BROADBENT (Iris, Moulin Rouge!) as Bridget’s long-suffering Dad; GEMMA JONES (Shanghai Knights, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets) as Bridget’s unabashed Mum; Bridget’s loyal friends Jude, Shazzer and Tom, played respectively by SHIRLEY HENDERSON (Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets, Trainspotting), SALLY PHILLIPS (Birthday Girl, television’s Smack the Pony) and JAMES CALLIS (Bridget Jones’s Diary, television’s Victoria & Albert); CELIA IMRIE (Calendar Girls, Hilary and Jackie) as Mum’s best friend Una; and NEIL PEARSON (Bridget Jones’s Diary, Fever Pitch) as Bridget’s television news boss Richard Finch. Joining the cast is JACINDA BARRETT (Ladder 49, The Human Stain) as Mark’s oft-mentioned new colleague Rebecca and JESSICA STEVENSON (Shaun of the Dead, Born Romantic) as Bridget’s smug married friend Magda.