Midnight Syndicate - Born of The Night (1998)

Ripped at 192 kbs with Apple i-tunes on a Sony CD-RW Writer. Enjoy and Seed Please!

Great instrumentals and FX sound for Haunted attractions or for just general listening. Great stuff!
Used almost exclusivly by the Universal Studios Orlando Resort's Halloween Horror Nights event.
              
1. Premonition    
2. Darkness Descends    
3. Born of the Night    
4. Lost Souls    
5. Dark Tower    
6. The Apparition    
7. Gargoyles    
8. Lurking Fear    
9. Shadows    
10. Whispers    
11. Solemn Reflections    
12. Haunted Nursery    
13. Woe    
14. Masque of Sorrow    
15. Requiem    
16. Dungeon    
17. Something Wicked    
18. Vampire's Kiss    
19. Nightstalker    
20. Midnight    
21. Forbidden Crypts

Editorial Reviews
Carpe Noctem #15
It used to be back in the days before MTV succeeded in mutating songs from works of art into video sound bytes, that musicians were able to convey a mood or detail entire stories with the use of sound much the same way that a painter utilized pigment. I had thought that most work of this sort was becoming relegated to either ambient music or film scores composed by people who still think Bernard Herrman is the epitome of his craft and therefore "the shit." Thankfully Midnight Syndicate has proven me wrong on all counts. The music on their new CD, "Born of the Night," is everything one could ask for in a late night listening disc; strong melodies, orchestration that is subtle yet sumptuous, and an overall sense that the collective vision behind it is both coherent and cohesive. "Born of the Night" is music that sounds as if it could be a lost film score from a classic Hammer film . . . only with a more electronic edge. Midnight Syndicate has crafted a beautiful album h! ere, perfect for that reflective time between the darkest part of the night and when the first slivers of light come peeking over the mountains at dawn. "Born of the Night" is truly music for that late night film that runs within your head. 

Outburn Magazine #8
"Born of the Night" is gothic mood music much like Lee Blaske's "Journey of a Vampire"; however, Midnight Syndicate is more sinister and much darker. Haunting and varied instrumental songs are enriched with occasional solemn spoken vocals. "Born of the Night" is a perfect soundtrack for a horror movie. Midnight Syndicate encapsulates the power and passion of the night and its mysteries. They create soundscapes that are unquestionably creepy; and there's nothing cheesy about it. This is an... read more 

Album Description
"Enter the Dark Tower where creatures of the night lurk in shadows, and ghostly sounds echo through the halls. This gothic soundtrack contains chilling sound effects, haunting melodies, and pulse-pounding orchestrations to set the mood for your darkest nightmare. Venture forth...if you dare." 

Although the multimedia concerts supporting their self-titled 1997 debut received much critical acclaim, it was this collaboration with gothic-fantasy artist Joseph Vargo ("Born of the Night")that garnered Midnight Syndicate an underground following throughout the United States and abroad.

    

