RELEASE INFORMATION

 Numb3rs.S02E03.HDTV.XviD-TCM

 release date  : Sat Oct 08 2005
 video codec   : XviD    
 video res     : regular res
 audio codec   : VBR MP3 

NOTES


EPISODE INFORMATION

 Numb3rs 
 #2.03: Obsession    
 Friday October 07, 2005 (runtime: 60 mins)
 
 Category    : Drama, Action/Adventure                                      
 Writers     : Robert Port                                                  
 Director    : John Behring                                                 
 Guest Stars : Chase Hoyt                                                   

 The FBI becomes involved in the stalking of a popular singer when she      
 reveals a series of threatening letters she's received through the mail.   
 Charlie determines the letters are from two different people after         
 analyzing the handwriting. When a photographer is found dead near the      
 singer's house, Don believes the photographer was murdered and his death is
 somehow related to the stalking case.                                      

 series url : http://www.tv.com/show/25043/summary.html?q=numb3rs
 episode url: http://www.tv.com/episode/495186/summary.html

GROUP NEWS

 TCM loves TV. That's the reason we are doing what we do.
  
 If you would like to join us we are currently recruiting the following:

 - HDTV/PDTV cappers. You must have a decently fast upload and at least 
   one fast PC.
 - Digital cappers for non-digital source (i.e. DSR) Same requirements apply
   for upload speed and PC as above.

   We can teach you how to cap if you are a novice,  but you must be willing 
   to cap regularly, really love TV, and be all around a cool person,
   since we will be spending a lot of time together.  
   
 - Anything else that is legal that may help us. However - 
   we are not looking for suppliers, site affiliations,or dumps, so 
   please don't bother asking. 

   We do not respond with technical questions about our releases or tell you 
   where to get them. 

 CONTACT: fruity.salad.bowl@gmail.com


Yes we know, our NFO sucks. Who cares.
