DETAiLs:
Avira NTFS4DOS enables, NTFS drives to be provided for 
MS-DOS and other DOS-based operating systems under a new 
drive letter for applications. 

Thanks to the unique technology developed by Avira, it is 
possible to access NTFS drives from Windows NT4, Windows 2000, 
Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 with one single boot 
diskette ? completely independently of its service pack status. 

The private, non-commercial use of Avira NTFS4DOS Personal is 
free.

-----------------------------------------------

NTFS4DOS by Avira

Converted by 001010 for the needed and the willing...

Sometimes you are messing with boot configuration files
when you realize that you just screwed with the wrong
one. This in turn makes your system not boot up due to you
overwriting or renaming a much needed file.

Not only that! But you also need it in CD/DVD format so that
your new fancy laptop that DOESN'T have a non-USB floppy
drive can boot up properly.

(If you can't tell, this is from personal experience)

Well look no further!

I noticed that someone (bootdisk.com) was asking $4 for
this software package that was initially FREE in the first 
place, but only converted over to a CD. Granted that this $4
included other softwares. Feeling that this was lame, and 
if something is FREE then it should be FREE no matter what 
format it is in.

I did the work becuase I needed this package. And I share my
personal work (all of 20 minutes) with you folk. You may be 
more experienced then myself and not wanted to bother or less 
experienced and in desperate need. So this will help all of us.

What is included:
-ISO of NTFS4DOS filesystem that is to be burned to a CD using
 UltraISO. (UltraISO is the only one that I found to be stable
 through the process)
-BIF (bootimage file) that is also used in UltraISO to map the
 bootable portion of the CD _IF_ the ISO doesn't contain it.
 (I only tried with the BIF AND ISO, not just the ISO, I only 
  needed one CD. So why try many times?)
-ntfs_h.exe - This is the freeware downloaded software from 
 Avira (http://www.free-av.com/) that was used to create the 
 original boot floppy that  was later turned into the ISO image 
 for CD. If you JUST need a floppy diskette, then this is really 
 all you need.

 Have fun and remember to share little kiddies...

Instructions:

-Simply use the ISO in UltraISO (the only one i found to be stable 
 through this process) to open the image.
-Load the BIF as the boot file (Bootable > Load Boot File...)
-Burn...