The Germs are a punk rock band from Los Angeles formed in the late 1970s. Their 1977 single, Forming/Sexboy (live), is generally regarded as the first punk record from Los Angeles.

The Germs, despite all expectations, developed a sound that was extremely aggressive, hyper-competent, and highly influential -- although throughout their career, they would have a reputation as a chaotic live band. Singer Darby Crash often arrived onstage nearly incoherent from drugs, singing everywhere but into the microphone and taunting the audience between songs. The other band members had similar problems, with many contemporary reviews citing collapses, incoherence, and drunken vomiting onstage.

The Germs recorded two singles (with alternate tracks), an album-length demo session, and one full-length LP, (GI), each more focused and powerful than the last. Crash was, despite his erratic behavior, generally regarded as a brilliant lyricist (a contemporary critic described him as "ransacking the dictionary"), and the final lineup of Smear, Doom, and Bolles had become a world-class rock ensemble by the recording of (GI), turning in a performance that spurred an LA Weekly reviewer to write, "This album leaves exit wounds." It is considered one of the first hardcore punk records, and has a near-mythic status among alternative rock fans.

This torrent contains all the tracks found on MIA, which is the complete Germs discography.

1. Forming
2. Sex Boy [Live]
3. Lexicon Devil
4. Circle One 	
5. No God 	
6. What We Do Is Secret
7. Communist Eyes 	
8. Land of Treason 	
9. Richie Dagger's Crime
10. Strange Notes 	
11. American Leather 	
12. Lexicon Devil 	
13. Manimal
14. Our Way
15. We Must Bleed 	
16. Media Blitz 	
17. Other Newest One 	
18. Let's Pretend 	
19. Dragon Lady 	
20. Slave 	
21. Shut Down (Annihilation Man)
22. Caught in My Eye
23. Round and Round
24. My Tunnel 	
25. Throw It Away 	
26. Not All Right 	
27. Now I Hear the Laughter 	
28. Going Down 	
29. Lion's Share 	
30. Forming [2] 	