Artist ....... Hujaboy                    
Genre ........ Psychedelic                    
Source ....... CDDA                          
Label ........ TIP.World                
Catalog Nr. .. TIPWCD053                      
Release Date . Oct-26-2007                
Tracks ....... 09                        
Length ....... 66:53 min                      
Quality ...... VBRkbps 44,1kHz        
Mode ......... Joint-Stereo                  
Encoder ...... LAME 3.97 final          
Size ......... 95,8 MB                    
Rls Notes                                            
Hujaboy's 'Black Belt' is contemporary, cutting    
edge Psy Tech Trance. Mature, tough, tight groovy  
music with edge and energy. No cheese, just        
direct, effective, modern day Psy electronica.    
Desert Sun kicks off the album with a funky Psy    
Electro groove. Showing what talent Hujaboy has    
in trying his hand at the more contemporary        
minimal sounds around at the moment. He has        
obviously been listening to Trentemoller and the  
likes...and pulled off a great upfront and        
experimental track to start the album off that is  
still psychedelic and maintains the force and      
power that is a Hujaboy trademark. Holes in the    
sky moves towards a more traditional Psytrance    
sound, but with no unnecessary frills just clean,  
focused sounds and good beats, concentrating on    
what rocks a dance floor without the fluff! This  
in fact sets the tone for the rest of the album    
with Premium Delirium building on this with a      
kick and bass that could knock you flat against a  
wall! Acid revival retains the full frontal power  
of Hujaboy but brings an element of acid house    
into the groove. The result is a crowd pleaser.    
Already one of the biggest tracks in his current  
live set. Throughout, elements of old skool        
melodies along with cool lines and sounds evolve  
and are woven into a luscious groove. The title    
track Black Belt roughens things up with tough    
percussion that jumps out of the speakers. Sounds  
like it's just in front of your face like the      
back of Bruce Lee's hand! Enter the Hujaboy!      
Clarity and precision are the name of the game in  
'Black Belt', no nonsense bass driven dance floor  
damaging Psytrance! Get into the Groove!          
link: www.tipworld.co.uk                    
Tracks                                        
#  track                            length    
01  Desert Sun                        07:18    
02  Holes in The Sky                  08:19    
03  Premium Delirium                  07:34    
04  The Acid Revival                  07:18    
05  Black Belt                        07:07    
06  In The Village (B.H Mix)          07:32    
07  The Game                          07:19    
08  Double McPsy Extra Acid            06:20    
09  Here They Come                    08:06    
News                                          
Currently groov[e]mission is looking for talented    
rippers  who can  supply quality electronic music  
(CD's / vinyl / promos or livesets,  at least you        
should  be  able  to  order  from  online  stores    
*frequently*!) mainly  psychedelic & ambient  but      
all  other  good  electronic  music  is  welcome      
aswell! If  you think  you can  contribute to the  
legend  don't  hesitate  to  send  an  email  to:    
groovemission@hush.com              
Group Notes                                          
After more than a half decade we think it is time  
to change this message. The scene changed so much  
in the past few years. Many lamers hangin' around  
sharing scene  releases on  public places such as  
FXP-Pubs, DC++ hubs,  P2P  networks  and  so  on.  
WE  DON'T  WANT  OUR  RELEASES  GETTiNG      
SPREAD  TO  SUCH  LAME  PLACES!!!          
