?????? Release Info ??????????????????????????????????????????? 
                                           
      Originally released : 00-00-2001
      Release date        : 04-01-2006
      Album name          : Plump Djs - Urban Underground Vol.1
      Artist              : Va Plump Djs

      Ripped by           : darkc1de
      Genre               : Beat
      Label               : INC-redible

      Encoding Software   : V3.97b
      Quality             : -V 2

      Tracks              : 02
      Size of Files       : 167,8 MB

      ? Track list ????????????????????????????????????????? ??? ? ?


                   Cd1

        01  53:59  Urban Underground Vol.1 Cd1

                   Cd2

        01  61:55  Urban Underground Vol.1 Cd2


                                Total time: 115:5


     ? Release notes ??????????????????????????????????????? ??? ? ?

     Breakbeat was slumbering away peacefully before the
     Plump DJs gave it a loud wakeup call with their first
     release 'Electric Disco/Plumpy Chunks' in 1999. With
     thundering momentum, their critically acclaimed
     productions reformatted dancefloors and perceptions,
     and set new production standards. Some were scared
     silly, few fell back asleep, but many jumped up for a
     shower of Plump freshness. And an alarming universal
     consensus was formed. Everyone wanted a piece of the
     Plump pie, and fat was in.

     Inspired by a top shelf girlie mag entitled Plumpers,
     Lee Rous and Andy Gardner met and the Plump DJs were
     born. It would be nice to say that before making music,
     the Plump DJs had glamorous jobs - but we can1t. Before
     the duo met Andy worked in a cardboard box factory and
     Lee was a waiter at a Berni Inn. The music started as a
     hobby and after a number of excursions and
     collaborations with the Freskanova camp, the two found
     their oats at the Finger Lickin' stable.

     A global need for the bold attitude, squidgy sounds,
     and Behemoth basslines amplified by the Plumps pushed
     the duo into their Soho based Laboratoire Plump to
     manifest a large destiny. Jerk to inflate! Inflate it
     did, next vinyl.

     'The Push/Remember My Name' on Finger Lickin', waxed
     the hairs off everyone's legs and the screams of
     delight led the lads into completing their feature
     album "A Plump Night Out" in 1999. The album sampler
     rocketed to No.1 on DJ magazine Breaks and Beats chart
     for three issues in a row.

     Before Lee and Andy could smile for another photo
     shoot, remix opportunities were piled on the doorstep.
     Jumpin' and Pumpin' (with perhaps a bit of pimpin1)
     through the year of chronic concoctions the Plump DJs'
     spin of Stakker Humanoid's classic 'Humanoid' and a
     spate of other remixes for The Freestylers, DeeJay Punk
     Roc and Mint Royale ballooned their status. Perfecting
     a repertoire of coercive gruff sounds, the Plumps were
     in high demand.

     Their remixes for the likes of BT and Orbital became
     the bubbles of oxygen that rose to the top of the ocean
     of global dance music. The Plump ship made waves,
     putting the excitable "Oh" back into H20. Historians,
     dance music critiques, and Soho restaurateurs chuckled
     with glee as Lee and Andy won the Galaxy loaded with
     dancefloor ammunition; launching Smartbombs and
     dropping laughing gas onto Funny Break terrain,
     replacing testosterone nu-skool with accessible sonic
     boom and arse wiggle.