The Broken Movie is a full length music video used by Nine Inch Nails to promote their Broken EP, released in 1992. It is more of compilation video because each video in the package was recorded separately and then edited together, with the exception of Gave Up. The video was filmed and directed by Peter Christopherson of the band Coil, and Trent Reznor. 
The whole video is about twenty minutes in length and features videos for almost all of the tracks from Broken (The exceptions being the short musical interlude Help Me I Am In Hell, and the track Last, which had no video). The wraparound story involves a young man being kidnapped and made to watch Nine Inch Nails videos while being tortured, which allegedly provoked an investigation by the FBI who thought that it was an actual snuff film. 

The video for Happiness In Slavery was lifted from the compilation and used to promote the single of the same name. The video features performance artist Bob Flanagan strapping himself into a machine that subsequently rapes and kills him. The video was universally banned. The film also has a cameo by Robert Patrick (most famous for his role as the T2000 in the Hollywood blockbuster and brother of Filter frontman and former NIN guitarist Richard Patrick) portraying a police officer. 

The video has not been given an official commercial release thus adding to its mythological status in alternative culture. The original hand-dubbed tapes were distributed my Reznor to various friends and dominatrixes, and original tapes are hard to come by. A future release seems unlikely, but it is available on some Nine Inch Nails fansites as well as on file sharing networks in Mpeg form. These are generally not of the highest quality as they are not first generation copies. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Varning: ganska våldsam video från NIN's bästa era!

Den omtalade aldrig släppta videon till Broken EP'n.

Tänkte att jag släpper denna eftersom NIN snart är aktuella med nya albumet With teeth. 
(Som troligtvis inte lär ha en lika kontroversiell video med i paketet)  

Kvaliten är inte den bästa, men som sagt - den här videon har aldrig släppts för allmänheten. 
(Och den är ett måste om du är ett NIN fan)



Håll till godo! ;)