This two-disc set should be the final word regarding the Who's February 14, 1970, performance at Leeds University. The main impetus for consumers -- who may have repurchased this title in its various formats -- is having the entire Tommy rock opera intact. While impressive, that performance merely scratches the surface of the multifaceted sonic and visual improvements that exist on the Live at Leeds (Deluxe Edition). The 1995 single-disc restoration of Live at Leeds more than doubled the original six-track album, which consists of all the non-Tommy material performed that evening. This deluxe edition features the Who's entire performance -- albeit in a somewhat truncated form. To accommodate a seamless inclusion of Tommy onto the second disc, "Shakin' All Over," "My Generation," and "Magic Bus" have been taken from their chronologically correct place at the end of the entire show and relocated to the end of the first (read: non-Tommy disc). Even though drastic improvements augmented the 1995 release, time considerations meant that some ambience and stage dialogue between the band and the audience was still missing. With the expansion to a two-CD format, much of the previously edited material has been reinstated to reflect the actual pacing of the show more accurately. This new mix -- supervised by Pete Townshend (guitar/vocal) -- is an all-encompassing stereoscape which has never felt more intimidating. Although no mention is made in the information- and memorabilia-laden 28-page liner-notes booklet, vocalist Roger Daltrey performed several vocal overdubs during Tommy which are unique to this release. Although not impossible to locate, they blend surprisingly well with a recording that is fairly old. Live at Leeds (Deluxe Edition) is a must-own release for any rock & roll collection.

Disk 1

1.		Heaven And Hell (Live At Leeds)  	
2.		I Can't Explain (Live At Leeds)  	
3.		Fortune Teller (Live At Leeds)  	
4.		Tattoo (Live At Leeds)  	
5.		Young Man Blues (Remixed, Live At Leeds)  	
6.		Substitute (Remixed, Live At Leeds)  	
7.		Happy Jack (Live At Leeds)  	
8.		I'm A Boy (Live At Leeds)  	
9.		A Quick One, While He's Away (Live At Leeds)  	
10.		Summertime Blues (Remixed, Live At Leeds)  	
11.		Shakin' All Over (Remixed, Live At Leeds)  	
12.		My Generation (Remixed, Live At Leeds)  	
13.		Magic Bus (Remixed, Live At Leeds)  	


Disk 2

1.		Overture (Live At Leeds)  	
2.		It's A Boy (Live At Leeds)  	
3.		1921 (Live At Leeds)  	
4.		Amazing Journey (Live At Leeds)  	
5.		Sparks (Live At Leeds)  	
6.		Eyesight To The Blind (The Hawker) (Live At Leeds)  	
7.		Christmas (Live At Leeds)  	
8.		The Acid Queen (Live At Leeds)  	
9.		Pinball Wizard (Live At Leeds)  	
10.		Do You Think It's Alright (Live At Leeds)  	
11.		Fiddle About (Live At Leeds)  	
12.		Tommy Can You Hear Me? (Live At Leeds)  	
13.		There's A Doctor (Live At Leeds)  	
14.		Go To The Mirror (Live At Leeds)  	
15.		Smash The Mirror (Live At Leeds)  	
16.		Miracle Cure (Live At Leeds)  	
17.		Sally Simpson (Live At Leeds)  	
18.		I'm Free (Live At Leeds)  	
19.		Tommy's Holiday Camp (Live At Leeds)  	
20.		We're Not Gonna Take It (Live At Leeds) 

	