The 500 Greatest Songs Since You Were Born
We're taking a look back into the recent history of rock.

"There are people who will tell you that all the best rock songs come from the 1960s and '70s, the Golden Age of Genius-Level Hall of Fame Rock Immortals. These people are called baby-boomers, and they창??re the same people who are bankrupting Social Security and invented the male ponytail.
Blender has never bought the myth that rock & roll declined at middle age; the last 25 years were as good as the 25 before them, unless you somehow think Eminem and U2 aren창??t as Genius Level as the Moody Blues and Captain & Tennille. So we창??ve constructed an alternative rock history that begins long after Woodstock stopped smelling bad and the Sex Pistols quit with dignity, a list of the 500 greatest songs since 1980. And believe us, it was hard to stop at only 500. Sometimes, the good ol창?? days were yesterday and today."


For the first time on The Pirate Bay PimpFisker is proud to present - the Blender Magazine Top 500 Greatest Songs from the 80's 'till present day. The chart has been compiled from loads of various sources and my aim was to get the best music quality available. Well, this is not all true. I could have chosen to do it all in lossless, but dispensed from this, due to huge file sizes and the lack of tunes in this file format.

My own music collection, a variety of torrent-trackers, P2P networks, the Public Library (they do have a lot of music actually) and borrowed cds from friends and family are the primary sources in this compilation.
The quality ranges from 128 - 320 kbps. Most files are mp3, but Ogg Vorbis, wma and flac occur also. I strove to find the best audio quality for each file and 128 kbps quality appears only when I wasn't able to find anything better [mostly hard to get tunes].

For more info check out the pages mentioned below:
 
http://www.blender.com/guide/articles.aspx?ID=1777 [Chart frontpage] 
http://blender500.blogspot.com/ 
http://community.livejournal.com/ohnotheydidnt/3822618.html

The compilation has been widely debated and the songs obviously are picks from journalists and selected critics. But hey, download it and judge for yourself


INFO:

I am on a 512 kbs upload connection only, but don't despair - this torrent will be shared widely :)