The Lord of the Rings, The Return of  the King video  game will once again 
          put  the  fate of  Middle - earth in the hands of the gamer . In the final 
          installment of the blockbuster movie trilogy, players must destroy the One 
          Ring by casting  it into the Crack of Doom , freeing Middle-earth from the 
          clutches of the Dark Lord Sauron.
          
          Based  on  the  environments from the upcoming movie , The Return  of  the 
          King ' s third person gameplay will include immersive action and adventure 
          elements set in rich , interactive levels . An all - new multiplayer co-op 
          mode will let players form  their own Fellowship before embarking on their 
          journey through Middle-earth. 
          Eight playable and secret characters including Gandalf , Aragorn, Legolas, 
          Gimli , Sam , and Frodo with exclusive voice - over provided by the actual 
          actors from the films. 
          
          
          An all-new co-op multiplayer mode will allow players to team up with a 
          companion. 
          
          Over twelve interactive environments authentically reproduced from the 
          films. 
          
          Explore the Paths of the Dead, defend Minas Tirith, and battle SauronÝs 
          forces at the Pelennor Fields before final  confrontations at the Black 
          Gate and the Crack of Doom. 
          
          Third person action/adventure gameplay incorporates multiple character 
          paths for each member of the Fellowship. 
          
          More  than  just  a  backdrop  to  the action, the game environments are 
          interactive, letting players incorporate  the  various environments into 
          their strategies for both melee and ranged combat . Characters will have 
          the ability to jump and swing from ropes, fire catapults, kick boulders, 
          etc. 
          
          Enhanced control with the right analog stick allows  players to perform 
          multi-directional attacks and combos with ease as they battle their way 
          through the forces of evil. 
          
          Battle vicious boss monsters including Shelob , the Witch King, and the 
          final showdown with the Dark Lord Sauron. 
          
          Seamless movie-to-game transitions and never-before-seen exclusive movie 
          footage from the upcoming The Return of the King movie. 
          
          Immersive musical score composed by Academy Award-winner Howard Shore.