[img]http://s142.photobucket.com/albums/r85/onekillwonder666/th_220px-Mike_Patton_cropped.jpg[/img]
[quote]Michael Allan Patton (born January 27, 1968) is an American musician, best known as the lead singer of the band Faith No More from 1988 to 1998. He has also handled lead vocals for Mr. Bungle (which preceded his involvement with FNM), Tomahawk, Lovage, Fantômas, The Dillinger Escape Plan, and Peeping Tom.

Patton has a wide range of vocal techniques and styles. He also uses rhythm as a driving force and tool in many of his vocals. He sings in several different styles, from falsetto to rapping, beatboxing and scatting. Critic Greg Prato writes, "Patton could very well be one of the most versatile and talented singers in rock music."[1] His vocal techniques can also be witnessed in the 2007 first-person shooter, The Darkness. He also has a cameo as the "Anger Sphere" in Portal, and will be the voice of protagonist Nathan Spence in the upcoming Bionic Commando remake.[2]

He often produces side projects in collaboration with other musicians, such as John Zorn, Dan the Automator, The Melvins, The Dillinger Escape Plan, Melt-Banana, Sepultura, Merzbow, Kool Keith, The X-Ecutioners, Team Sleep, Björk, Subtle, Rahzel, Amon Tobin, Eyvind Kang, Lovage, and Kaada. He co-founded Ipecac Recordings with Greg Werckman in 1999, and has run the label since.

Patton's right hand is permanently numb from an on-stage incident during his third concert with Faith No More, where he accidentally cut himself on a broken bottle and severed the tendons and nerves in his hand. He can use his hand, but he has no feeling in it (much to the surprise of both Patton and his doctor, who told him the exact opposite would happen).[3]
[/quote]

Pack includes - 
Faith no more - Introduce yourself
Faith no more - The real thing
Faith no more - Live at Brixton academy
Faith no more - Angel Dust
Faith no more - King for a day fool for a lifetime
Faith no more - Album of the year
Faith no more - Bsides
Faith no more - Fools small victorys rarities and b-sides 90-95
Fantomas - Delirium cordia
Fantomas - Fantomas
Fantomas - The directors cut
Fantomas - Suspended anmation
General Patton vs The Xecutioners
Hemophiliac - Zorn, mori and Patton
Lovage - Songs to make love to your old lady by
Mike Patton - Adult themes for voice
Mike Patton - Pranzo oltransista
Mike Patton and Kaada - Romances
Mr Bungle - California
Mr Bungle - Disco volante
Mr Bungle - Mr Bungle
Peeping Tom - Peeping Tom
Tomahawk - Mit Gas
Tomahawk - Tomahawk
Various Bitrates.

Please help seeding this thing its pretty big and I havent got the fastest connection.
