Introducing Ultimate Night Environment 2007: 

With this new version it will be a breathtaking experience to fly around cities and airports at night. Cities, towns, and airports throughout the world come alive at night with enhanced and detailed night textures. 

All ground textures have been re-done individually from scratch and in painstaking detail to bring cities and towns throughout the world to life. 

Over 2800+ textures included in this package make buildings, airports, vehicles, bridges, and auto-gen buildings more accurately represented at night. 

Night Flying Never Looked So Good! 

FEATURES: 

Over 1000+ new ground textures done in painstaking detail bring cities and towns throughout the world to life. Even with auto-gen buildings turned off cities look as detailed as ever. In fact, all of the screenshots show cities without auto-gen buildings to show you how much detail these new textures add to cities and towns. 
You can notice the transition between rural areas, sparsely populated suburbs, and densely populated cities. 
Blends seamlessly with Ultimate Terrain's 3D lights to create the most amazing night scenery ever created for flight simulator. 
Lighting for buildings, auto-gen buildings, bridges, and landmarks has been further enhanced. 
Lighting for aiport vehicles, cruiseships, aircraft carriers, and boats has been enhanced. 
Improved lighting for small, large, and international airports throughout the world. 
Improved lighting for roads and highways. 
Improved lighting for airport terminals, gates, hangars, control towers, VOR stations, radar towers, and more. 
New textures add a nice sunset and sunrise effect. 
Frame rate friendly. No impact on framerates whatsoever. 
Very affordable. Available for only EUR 14.99 



BEFORE SENDING US ANY QUESTIONS PLEASE READ THE FAQ LOCATED HERE: http://www.zinertek.com/flightsimulator/productfaqs.html



I HAVE TO SAY MYSELF THAT THIS IS SUCH A GREAT ADD ON FOR MICROSOFT FLIGHT SIMULATOR 2004 ENJOY 
