BBC A Picture of Britain. An Inspirational Journey Through Art, Landscape, and Identity.

Complete series. 6 parts. Presented by David Dimbleby.

www.bbc.co.uk/pressoffice/pressreleases/stories/2005/05_may/11/picture.shtml

[XviD/AC3, 672x384, ~1580 kbps, 58:30 min, 745 MByte]

A Picture of Britain is a celebration of the British landscape as seen through the eyes of artists, writers and composers. From the breathtaking mountains of the Scottish Highlands and North Wales to the intimate hamlets of Sussex and Gloucestershire. A landmark six-part BBC ONE TV series presented by David Dimbleby, a Picture of Britain has been developed from the start as collaboration between BBC producers and Tate Britain curators. Drawing on major works from public and private collections - as well as from the Tate's own unrivalled collection of British landscape painting - the exhibition includes work by JMW Turner, Thomas Gainsborough, John Constable and Edwin Landseer, and more recently Paul Nash and Richard Long. David Dimbleby travels across the country, then to Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, to tell the stories of featured artists, reveal intriguing facts and anecdotes and discuss artistic technique. The words of novelists and poets from Charles Dickens to Dylan Thomas and the music of leading composers including Elgar and Vaughn Williams also feature in the series.

Episode 1: The Romantic North
David Dimbleby travels to Lindisfarne, the Lake District, and Northumberland and on to Yorkshire and Haworth Moor.

Episode 2: The Flatlands
David travels from Constable and Gainsborough country in Suffolk to the Norfolk Broads, the Fens and the East coast.

Episode 3: The Highlands and Glens
From Scotland, David crosses the Irish Sea to visit Sligo, home of William Butler Yeats, and travels north to discover the inspirational Glens of Antrim. Back in Scotland, David visits Fingal's Cave, Iona and finally Alloway in Ayrshire, birthplace of Scotland's national poet, Robert Burns.

Episode 4: The Heart of England
Manchester, Peak District, Shropshire, the Black Country, Wolverhampton, the Cotswolds, the Malverns and plenty more.

Episode 5: The Home Front
From the magnificent white cliffs of Dover and the rural idyll of Kent, to bustling Brighton and the South Downs. Featuring Dimbleby's boat, "Rocket".

Episode 6: The Mystical West
The Mystical West, an enormous area that stretches from Stonehenge in Wiltshire to Dorset, Devon, and the furthest tips of Cornwall and Wales' Snowdonia: a land of pre-historic ruins, ley lines and crop circles, of druids and bards, King Arthur and Merlin, this area has come to epitomise all that is ancient and magical in Britain.