RELEASE SIZE: 1CD 55@15 
RELEASE DATE: 12-30-2004 
PROTECTION  : - 
METHOD  : BIN/CUE+RAR 
GENRE : Strategy 
DEVELOPER : Mayhem Studios 
RATING  : 9/10 

RELEASE NOTES 

Shadow Vault 

  The sky is blackened by dark clouds and planet Earth is 
nearing its sad end. Human, a creature so inventive, has 
already tried all the possibilities to avoid his doom. 
Unsuccessfully. Only one way still remains - a time tunnel 
leading back to the year 1958. Contingent, the new world's 
government, didn't hesitate and jumps into the tunnel with 
a great army to fight against their own ancestors. Gain the 
planet at any cost. The primacy of the contingent's modern 
units is extensive but the situation changes rapidly and 
the red sun rises above the planet. Nuclear war is in the 
air, a war that no-one expected. There is no way back and 
both sides are forced to continue fighting. 

  Shadow Vault is a Strategy RPG set during a violent time in 
Earth's alternate history. Battle the forces of the Contingent 
government through 20 different levels featuring over 30 unique 
characters and units or go against human opponents in 10 
multiplayer levels over LAN or internet. Designed for both 
casual and hard-core strategy players, the games provides 
countless hours of strategic gameplay without the need of 
studying a huge manual, but still delivering lots of action 
and strategic possibilities. 



  Features of Shadow Vault: 

Stylish nuclear war ravaged environment, where buildings and 
structures can be destroyed or used for cover 

Unique unit classes, each with its own special sets of abilities, 
such as medics, engineers, snipers'. 

Units improve abilities and acquire new ones as they gain combat 
experience 

Over 30 unique abilities and 40 different actions to enhance and 
update your units 

Hours of strategic gameplay through 20 game levels 

30 units and characters to choose from or battle against 

Epic story and dynamic storyline that immerses the player into 
the game 

High level Artificial Intelligence that reacts to as player's 
strategy 

Intuitive game rules and interface placing emphasis on the 
strategical experience rather than a steep learning curve 
