Half-Life 2 Collector's Edition

Release Date  :  08-12-2004              Protection  :  Securom / Steam
File Count    :  58x50 MB                Game Genre  :  Action / FPS
GAME INFO

The player again picks up the crowbar of research scientist
Gordon Freeman who finds himself on an alien-infested Earth
being picked to the bone, its resources depleted
its populace idwindling. Freeman is thrust into the unenviable
role of rescuing the world from the wrong he unleashed back at
Black Mesa. And a lot of people he cares about are counting on him.

Features:
- Advanced facial animation
system delivers the most sophisticated in-game characters ever seen.
With 40 distinct facial "muscles," human characters convey the full
array of human emotion, and respond to the player with fluidity
land intelligence.

- From pebbles to water to 2-ton trucks respond as expected,
as they obey the laws of mass, friction, gravity, and buoyancy.

- Source's shader-based renderer, like the one used at Pixar to
create movies such as Toy Story and Monster's, Inc, creates
the most beautiful and realistic environments ever seen in a video game.

- Neither friends nor enemies charge blindly into the fray.
They can assess threats, navigate tricky terrain
and fashion weapons from whatever is at hand.

RELEASE NOTES

This is a fully functional Collector's Edition DVD Release with all games.
The release includes Half-Life 2 (SP), CS:Source (MP), HL2:DM
and HL1:Source!
Don't use OLD Savegames from previous releases!! Just start a new game
and everything will be fine!
IF you get the Node Out Of Date Graph bug or whatsoever.. just ignore it
it is NOT an bug.

BUY THE GAME IF YOU LIKE IT!                                      ENJOY!
INSTALL NOTES

1. Unpack the release with WinRAR or WinACE
2. Mount ISO file with Daemon Tools.
3. After installing copy cracked files from /Crack to install dir.
4. Run shortcut on Desktop.
5. Enjoy!
---OPTIONAL---ONLINE PLAY---
6. Get urself a steam account (don't use one with games registered)
7. Edit SteamApp.cfg with your info.
8. Rename Steam.dll.off to Steam.dll
9. Launch game. (If you want Offline again just rename Steam.dll)
NOTE: For online mode make sure Steam is exitted!
