Preserved for Posterity
Restore CD Creator
Version 3.0
October 1, 2007

A PfP Release
October 2, 2007

This utility disk was created over three
years ago (Version 1.0 and 1.1), and
modified to Version 2.0 on the 26th
of November 2006. This Version (3.0)
was created October 1, 2007. Originally,
the disk made use of MS-DOS 6.22 (1.0),
and DR-DOS 7.03 (1.1), with the DR-DOS
FAT-32 descriptor. Version 2.0 utilized
FreeDOS, and this was carried over to
the current version (3.0). Note that
even though DOS is used, this utility
has ZERO problems imaging NTFS volumes.
It handles FAT16, FAT32 and NTFS with
ease. I haven't tested it with any other
file systems, such as Linux, but I think
it should work. It was created to give
me an easy method of imaging the drives
of my Windows 98 and ME systems - After
Microsoft announced that support for
these Operating Systems would no longer
be available after a certain date, I
needed a way to image my drives with the
last available updates for those Operating
Systems, and this utility filled the bill
quite nicely. I have yet to find a system
that this utility doesn't work with, as
long as you have a bootable floppy diskette
drive, then you are good to go.

To use this utility, place the floppy
diskette in your drive and re-boot or
boot your system, making sure that it is
set to boot from floppy. FreeDOS will
load, create a RAMDisk, decompress the
support files to the RAMDisk and execute
the utility, which will present a menu
as follows:
SELECT A TASK TO PERFORM?
1] IMAGE PRIMARY HARD DRIVE
2] IMAGE SECONDARY HARD DRIVE
3] RESTORE PRIMARY HARD DRIVE
4] RESTORE SECONDARY HARD DRIVE
5] VERIFY IMAGE INTEGRITY
6] EXIT THIS UTILITY
PLEASE SELECT (1-6).

Options 1 and 2 will image your primary
and secondary hard drives, respectively,
including all partitions, to either CD,
DVD or both. I have tested it with many
brands of CD and DVD burners, and it
has never failed to work.

Options 3 and 4 will restore your primary
and secondary hard drives, respectively,
from a previous backup. Note that a
restore can be made regardless of whether
the original drive has been replaced or
not - as long as the drive is at least as
large as the image to be restored, it will
work.

Option 5 will allow you to verify the
image file disc set - YOU SHOULD ALWAYS
verify the integrity of the image, just
to be sure it worked! I use Re-Writable
media, but it has never failed to generate
a successful image (there's always a
first time though).

Option 6 will exit the utility at which
point, you may remove the diskette and
re-boot your machine.

NOTE 1: Your primary and secondary hard
drives are determined by your BIOS.

NOTE 2: The utility will use the first
recordable drive in your system. There are
no provisions for changing this. In my
system, this is a DVD Burner, which is
much more useful for imaging than a CD
Burner.

The first CD/DVD of a restore set is bootable, allowing a restore
to be performed without needing the floppy.