If you're into some classy techodeath (there a bit of psychdelic doomy sounds too) metal in vein of CYNIC, DEATH, NOCTURNUS, ATHEIST, etc., please welcome my Ukrainian compatriots from Donetsk. They are no less than amazing! On their later albums the band also incorporates jazz elements into their music (I'd say that there's more jazz than metal on their last release!). Unfortunately, this wonderful band called it quits some years ago... 

------------------------------------------------------------

PHANTASMAGORY
Odd Sounds
© 1999 Phantasmagory
© 2000 The Flaming Arts Productions
© 2005 Magik Art Entertainment

1. The Labyrinth Of Thinking --- 4'25"
2. Echos Of Depression Whirlwind --- 3'50"
3. Allegory --- 6'14"
4. Hero --- 7'10"
5. Everlasting Change (Season's) --- 16'00"
6. Weird Sounds --- 7'35"
7. Disharmagory --- 1'32"

Total playing time - 46'46"

Edward Miroshnichenko - guitars
Sergey Pogrebnoy - vocals
Boris Baklitsky - bass
Valeriy Klimets - keyboards
Valeriy Vorobyov - drums

Recorded & mixed in 7-14 of March at 1999 in NDS / Zhandarmy Studios
Engineered by Vova "Pypa" & Alexey "Gans".
Produced by PHANTASMAGORY.
All music by V.Klimets, E.Miroshnichenko & PHANTASMAGORY.
Lyrics by S.Pogrebnoy (1, 3), V.Klimets (4), E.Miroshnichenko (6), S.Pogrebnoy & E.Miroshnichenko (5)
Layout by The Flaming Arts.
Re-released with different artwork by Magik Art Entertainment in 2005.


REVIEWS

With this 2nd album PHANTASMAGORY placed their high-tech Death Metal music to another incredible level. I would say, musically it's far matured and sophisticated as their debut album "Phantasmagoria". "Odd Sounds" opens new dimensions for both progressive and atmospheric kind of Death Metal. It contains 7 extremely well executed songs, which are all excellent in my opinion. Believe me, there's no vacancy in their songs. Everything is done with minds and what's more thoroughly. I love every inch of their music; especially the skilful inclusions of sci-fi based keyboard effects. Also, I should take a mention about the remarkable sound production and thoughtful lyrics. No doubt, PHANTASMAGORY deserves to be known worldwide, because they know how to create flawless songs! (Cornelius, ENCOMIUM Webzine #3)

Ukraine's PHANTASMAGORY are an impressive progressive death metal band. Tight, well-structured songs make up this seven-song release, a definite ear-pleaser to fans of technical death metal in the vein of PESTILENCE and CYNIC. There are a lot of bands out there who make an effort to really shine and showcase their talent and PHANTASMAGORY are one of those bands. Production here, especially for a demo, is top notch and the band really captured their best work. One thing that really impressed me about this demo from PHANTASMAGORY is the variety that the seven-song demo offers: everything from technical death metal to thrash metal heaviness, heavy metal guitar solos and black metal-inspired screams. This demo is all over the place, but not in a bad way. Like the album title suggests, "odd sounds" indeed. I have heard a lot about this band over the years, having read numerous articles about them, and it's nice to finally put music to what I know about them. Easily the gem of my New Noise pile this issue. 4/5 (Adrian Bromley, CHRONICLES OF CHAOS e-Zine #55)

I confess, first I even told â??noâ?? when he was going to send me this piece. Techno-death metal in the vein of CYNIC and ATHEIST, what one can expect from such a predictable failureâ?¦? Especially if the band delivering this kind of music comes from Ukraine! Well, narrow-mindedness never gets things go better, now I know that. When I got the tape anyway, I, frankly speaking, couldnâ??t leave my room for hours, playing it again and again, again and again. Similar to CYNIC and ATHEIST? What a bullshit! PHANTASMAGORY deliver atmospheric mid-paced death metal soaked with synth-lines all the way through, performed with unbelievable skillfulness, moreover â?? imaginatively conceived. This must be the best effort in the shape of demo Iâ??m reviewing this issue, and too bad that these chaps donâ??t even have enough money to send out promo stuff (sounds surprising, since the way â??Odd Soundsâ?? had been executed undoubtedly doesnâ??t deserve to be criticized). Listen to me carefully and follow my advise: â??Odd Soundsâ?? is a must to have piece for everyone into metalâ?¦ or any other sort of music. 6/6 (Herr Stalhammar, VAE SOLIS Webzine)