Spanking new tv-series Have Fun =)

------------- Original nfo -----------------

RELEASE INFORMATION

 Freddie.S01E01.HDTV.XviD-TCM

 release date  : Thu Oct 13 2005
 video codec   : XviD    
 video res     : regular res
 audio codec   : VBR MP3 

NOTES


EPISODE INFORMATION

 Freddie 
 #1.01: Rich Man, Poor Girl
 Wednesday October 12, 2005 (runtime: 30 mins)
 
 Category    : Comedy, Drama                                                
 Writers     : Lori Kirkland Baker., Freddie Prinze Jr.                     
 Director    : John Pasquin                                                 
 Guest Stars : Retta, Marisa Petroro, Ana Ortiz, April Bowlby, Charles      
 Guest Stars : Fleischer                                                    

 Freddie and Chris taking a new approach to meeting women. After a series of
 unsuccessful dates with spoiled rich girls, the two decide to find "down to
 earth" women at a laundromat in their old neighborhood. Freddie runs into  
 Gina, a nice girl from high school, and Chris meets Krystal, a girl easily 
 impressed by his money. But when Freddie dates the woman he and his family 
 think could be a perfect match for him, he ends up learning more about     
 himself than he bargained for.                                             

 series url : http://www.tv.com/show/31305/summary.html?q=freddie
 episode url: http://www.tv.com/episode/508043/summary.html

GROUP NEWS

 TCM loves TV. That's the reason we are doing what we do.
  
 If you would like to join us we are currently recruiting the following:

 - HDTV/PDTV cappers. You must have a decently fast upload and at least 
   one fast PC.
 - Digital cappers for non-digital source (i.e. DSR) Same requirements apply
   for upload speed and PC as above.

   We can teach you how to cap if you are a novice,  but you must be willing 
   to cap regularly, really love TV, and be all around a cool person,
   since we will be spending a lot of time together.  
   
 - Anything else that is legal that may help us. However - 
   we are not looking for suppliers, site affiliations,or dumps, so 
   please don't bother asking. 

   We do not respond with technical questions about our releases or tell you 
   where to get them. 

 CONTACT: fruity.salad.bowl@gmail.com


Yes we know, our NFO sucks. Who cares.
