Ashlynn Brooke & Franchezca Valentina



screens:

#1:  http://www.imageblues.com/show.php/265_1.jpg.html

#2:  http://www.imageblues.com/show.php/264_2.jpg.html

#3:  http://www.imageblues.com/show.php/263_3.jpg.html





Comment from the original uploader (junior94, PurePolice):

Scene #2 from ASHLYNN'S REALITY CHECK 

Likely the most prolific pornstar of all the ones I discovered in 2007. From the first scene I ever came across of her's, I must've had 10-12 more in less than 3 month's time. Unbelievable. Talk about coming on the scene fast (no pun intended  

Also has to have one of the best boob jobs in the industry. True, I still say they're placed a bit too far from each other on her chest, and you can see a little bit of scarring underneath, but as far as size and bouncy-ness -- they're pretty damn sweet. 

Anyway I've got a couple other scenes from this "movie" of her's, but I apologize, due to current circumstances I have to up them one at a time like this. The deal is in this compilation it seems to be sort of Bangus-like but in reverse. Ashlynn's driving around with her camera guy looking for "a perfect stranger off the street" to approach. Once she picks her lucky victim, they approach him, get him in the car to show them her boobs, and it's off to the house to fuck like bunnies before she ushers the guy quickly out of the house once she's done with them. 

Now then, I had an idea hit me just before I was about to come and UL this, and I acted on it. Trying to be a little creative, and considering that in this 2girls/1guy scene that Ashlynn & Franchezca go at it pretty hot and heavy for an extended length of time before the dude even enters the room at all, I went ahead and split the scene into 2 files. I figure, if you're a guy who really digs Ashlynn (&/or Franchezca, for that matter) but you're also only really into all-girl material, well then this is a win/win for you  :)  I mean the opening portion of these two smoking hot gals making out and then going down on each other runs for almost 20:00, and so if you want just from that you still get a VERY quality girl/girl scene for your money's worth. 
For those who want both, fear not, it was a clean cut that I made, you'll still be able to re-join the 2 videos back together once you've DL'd them and they'll make a pretty much seamless one single scene again. So no matter your preference, everyone here should be pleased. 

And I'll say that I personally am especially pleased to see Franchezca included in this high profile release like this, I'm a big fan of her's but she seems to've long flied under the radar for the most part, and I think she's deserving of much more. 

To explain the screens real quick, well as to this last minute edit I did, #1 & #2 screens are the "1st half" (girls only) and the "2nd half" (both girls with the guy), respectively. And just for the sake of thoroughness, I also made a screenie of the entire video before I made the split at all, and that is represented by the #3 screen. 
 


Run Time 49:50 
Size 392.60 MB (411,674,762 bytes) 
Resolution 512 x 288 px 




