 http://www.battlefront.com/products/cmak/cmak.html

From the site: 

Combat Mission: Afrika Korps (CMAK) is the latest game in the award winning Combat Mission series. Based on the same engine as Combat Mission: Barbarossa to Berlin (Wargame of the Year 2002 - Computer Gaming World and the 2002 Best Turn Based Strategy Game - PC Gamer), it introduces a number of important upgrades and changes relevant for the fighting in the North African deserts, the Italian mountains and the island of Crete, such as multi-turreted tanks, dust clouds kicked up by artillery and moving vehicles plus much more. 



Combat Mission: Afrika Korps is a 1-2 player, hybrid turn-based/realtime 3D simulation of WWII tactical warfare in parts of the Mediterranean Theater including North Africa, Italy, Sicily and Crete from 1940 to 1945.

Experience combat in a full 3D battlefield as machinegun tracers arc overhead and exploding artillery shells shake the earth! Watch the famous Deutsches Afrika Korps storm the fortress of Tobruk, or help the US and British forces defend against powerful German counter strikes at Anzio. Fight with the elite German Fallschirmjäger units in Crete, or follow General Patton's sweep across the island of Sicily.

The fluid game interface combines with 3D lines of sight, misidentification of targets, enemy detection by sound, advanced armor penetration systems, unit morale and leadership effects, spreading fires and billowing smoke, wind and weather ? and much more to bring you unprecedented realism in a computer simulation.



SETTING

Combat Mission: Afrika Korps covers the war in North Africa, Italy and Crete from 1940 to 1945. From the sweeping deserts of Libya to the mountainous Gothic Line in Northern Italy to the islands of Crete and Sicily. Combat Mission: Afrika Korps will bring combat to very diverse areas each with their own unique forces available, terrain and weather.

Battles and Operations can be designed, modified and customized by the player with the full Editor that is built into the game. Create your own maps, save them and even re-use them in different battles using the new Map Import Feature or let the powerful Automap creator do it for you.



SCALE 

Units are squads, teams, and individual vehicles. You can command a force as small as a depleted platoon, or as large as a several reinforced battalions. Each man and weapon is kept track of for maximum realism. 

Full Tables of Organization and Equipment (TO&E) for all the nations represented (Germany, USA, Italy, Britain, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, Poland, South Africa, France) are modeled with thousands of different unit types available depending on the year, month and region.

There are two types of maps in Combat Mission: Afrika Korps. Battle and Operation maps. Individual fights will occur across a Battle map while the longer operations (several linked battles) are fought with the Operation maps. 



SCOPE

Each turn is equal to 60 seconds of combat. Players give orders in a turn-based fashion, and then these orders are simultaneously executed for 60 seconds of real time action. Then the next orders phase begins. A typical scenario lasts about 20-60 turns, or 20-60 minutes of simulated combat but this can be adjusted by the player.



FEATURES

There is much new, different, and better about Combat Mission: Afrika Korps. While the game is based on its award-winning predecessor, Combat Mission: Barbarossa to Berlin, it introduces new desert environments and terrain types, as well as features like multi-turreted vehicles and dust clouds from explosions and moving vehicles.

Most features break with "standard" conventions, like spotting via sound, or misidentification of targets. Others simply do a much better job, like the instant feedback 3D LOS check. Still others go into uncharted territory, like the adjustable waypoint movement system and incredibly accurate armor penetration algorithms. 

Battles and Operations can be designed, modified and customized by the player with the full Editor that is built into the game. Create your own maps, save them and even re-use them in different battles using the new Map Import Feature or let the powerful Automap creator do it for you.

Use the Quick Battle Generator to make a new battle for limitless replayability or play one of the many included Scenarios and Operations.

The game and 210+ page PDF manual comes in three different installable versions, English, French or German.



HISTORICAL ACCURACY

Using the research and effort put into Combat Mission: Barbarossa to Berlin as a benchmark, we have gone even further with Combat Mission: Afrika Korps to bring you the utmost in historical integrity. 

Fully researched and detailed TO&E (Tables of Organization and Equipment) for all seven nations.

Accurate OB's (Orders of Battle).

Optional Historical Rarity of Units ensures players will no longer have to worry that their opponents "cherry picked" their forces.

Meticulously researched vehicle and uniform models, paint schemes and even sound effects help to bundle Combat Mission: Afrika Korps in a package that is a joy for the eyes, ears and mind to behold.



SUMMATION

Last year we raised the bar for quality and gameplay to unprecedented heights with the release of Combat Mission: Barbarossa to Berlin. With the release of Combat Mission: Afrika Korps we continue to push the envelope of war gaming and once more establish the new standard. 

Combat Mission: Afrika Korps will leave no doubt in your mind that we have created the most historically accurate, enjoyable and authentic wargame to date.

