Earls Court
London, England
July 1, 1981


01. Gotta Serve Somebody
02. I Believe In You
03. Like A Rolling Stone
04. Man Gave Names To All The Animals
05. Maggie's Farm
06. Here Comes The Sun (George Harrison) / Girl From The North Country
07. Dead Man, Dead Man
08. Simple Twist Of Fate
09. Ballad Of A Thin Man
10. Slow Train
11. Let's Begin (Jim Webb)
12. Shot Of Love
13. Lenny Bruce
14. Mr. Tambourine Man
15. Solid Rock

16. Just Like A Woman
17. We Just Disagree (Jim Krueger)
18. Masters Of War
19. Forever Young
20. Heart Of Mine
21. Watered-Down Love
22. When You Gonna Wake Up
23. In The Garden
24. Blowin' In The Wind
25. It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding)
26. Knockin' On Heaven's Door
27. Just Like Tom Thumb?s Blues (filler)
28. In The Summertime (filler)
29. What Can I Do For You? (filler)
30. All Along The Watchtower (filler)
 
 
Concert # 8 of The Europe Summer Tour 1981
1981 concert #12

Bob Dylan (vocal & guitar)
Fred Tackett (guitar)
Steve Ripley (guitar)
Willie Smith (keyboards)
Tim Drummond (bass)
Jim Keltner (drums)
Clydie King, Carolyn Dennis, Regina Havis, Madelyn Quebec (background vocals)
 
4 Regina Havis (vocal)
13 Bob Dylan & Clydie King (shared vocal)
22 Bob Dylan (organ)
27 Bob Dylan solo (vocal & guitar)
 
NOTES:
Live debut of Shot Of Love and Heart Of Mine
This show was recorded by Dylan?s crew
 

BobTalk:
Thank you. That was the latest animal song that I wrote. This is the first animal song I ever wrote. (before Maggie's Farm)

This is a new song we just recorded about a month ago. Should be out in about a year or so. Called Dead Man, Dead Man When Will You Arise

Thank you. All right, that was Clydie King. We're gonna try a song off this new album of ours. Forthcoming, so called new album. [lots of requests from the audience] Uh? OK, we'll try and do that later. Anyway, this is the main title song called Shot Of Love. We ain't done this before outside of the aeroplane but we?re gonna try it

Thank you. I wanna do a Dave Mason song, just because I like Dave Mason songs. I don't wanna leave you without doing one Dave Mason song. Which one are we gonna do? (before We Just Disagree)

All right, we?re gonna try .., this is a new (....) I?m told they?re playing it on the radio anyway. [Bob tries out the organ] I?m gonna try and do the best I can. (plays Heart Of Mine) All right. I won?t do that again, last time. Anyway this one here?s a little easier, it?s called Watered-Down Love. You don't want a love that's pure, you wanna drown love, you want a watered-down love. One, two, three, four

Thank you. Thank you very much for coming here. I wanna introduce to the fellow playing keyboards all night long. On the keyboards, William T Smith from, Portsmouth, Virginia. It?s the first time I?ve ever (....) for him. Well, over left next to him, You met this girl already, Carolyn Dennis. All these girls can sing, you know that. Standing next to her is Madelyn Quebec. On the guitars tonight, Fred Tackett. And don't jump all over yourself now. On the lead guitar, Steve Ripley. Young lady on the left is Regina McCreary. Standing next to her is Clydie King. We try to play a whole lot of stuff when we're here just now, but I know we left some things out. If we come back, we'll do those. I wish we were going to be here tomorrow, we could do all the stuff we started doing ..., left out. Anyway, ... oh well, thank you. Ha-ha! On the bass guitar tonight, he-he, you're gonna have to go out a long way to hurt me! On bass guitar is Tim Drummond. And on the drums, you know who's on the drums by now, no really, I think this band?s one of the best ever, what do you think? [loud cheers] I get tired of reading things I don't like. I sometimes like to ask you what you think. Anyway, on the drums from Tulsa, Oklahoma, by way of San Antonio, Texas, Mr. Jim Keltner. I wanna thank you once again. Goodnight. (at the end of In The Garden)
 
BOOTLEGS:
Footsteps ?81 LP
Gospel Rock And More White Wonder LP
 
7 new songs (25%) compared to previous concert
3 new songs for this tour
 
Stereo audience recording, 160 minutes
Audience video recording, 55 minutes

* * * Enjoy your Bobby Hobby * * *

Qlty: 6/10

MP3 (128kbps)
