David Yengibarjan and Frank London - Pandoukht (2003)



David Yengibarjan (1976, Yerevan) 
Though he has been living in Hungary only since 1995, he is one of the most well-known and sought-after accordionists. He has participated in a great number of theatrical and film productions both as a performer (Bertold Brecht: Jungle of the Cities, Andor Lukáts: Portugal, Joye Sergent: Crime and Punishment) and as a composer (Ferenc Molnár: Liliom, András Szoke: Three, György Farkas: Blood Line, András Fésos: Street Heart Beat, Zoltán Egressy: Blue, Blue, Blue, Tamás Sas: Struck by Love, Kinga Rófusz: Harlequin, Andor Szilágyi: Letters Unsent).

His recognition in Hungary has been accompanied by requests and invitations to perform abroad; he has played in Paris, London, Amsterdam, Vienna, and Edinburgh. He founded his own group, the Trio Yengibarjan, in 1999, after recording the film music of Holstein Lovers (which has a tango theme) with Ferenc Snétberger and József Horváth Barcza. His aspiration is to create a fusion of the Argentinian tango, the ?New Tango? of Astor Piazzolla, and various types of folk music. On his album of 2001, titled Tango Passion, he plays with József Horváth Barcza (bass) and Gábor Juhász (guitar); later the line-up was altered: currently János Egri can be heard on bass and József Botos on guitar.



Frank London (New York City, 1958) began to play jazz, Latin, Balkan and Jewish music at the end of the 70?s as a student of the New England Conservatory of Music in Boston. He formed his Les Misérables Brass Band in Boston, the band that recorded the music for Robert Wilson and David Byrne?s play entitled Knee Plays, but the real breakthrough came in New York with the Klezmer revival: his band, The Klezmatics, formed in 1986, has made 6 records so far, and is considered one of the most prestigious Klezmer bands in the world. Besides leading The Klezmatics and shaping the renaissance of Yiddish folk music Frank is spearheading ?the alternative Jewish music movement? with the jazz formation Hasidic New Wave, which he founded with saxophonist Greg Wall. He also plays Jewish liturgic music with Lorin Sklamberg and Jewish brass music with Frank London?s Klezmer Brass Allstars. If we were to measure his career by the number of the records he has made, we would have to count over a hundred albums; if we wanted to determine his openness to other art forms, we would have to list dozens of pieces for the theatre and for films, and if the inventory of his partners was to serve as the gauge, we would definitely have to mention Itzak Perlman, the band They Might Be Giants, Lester Bowie, LL Cool J, Chava Alberstein, LaMonte Young, Boban Markovic, John Zorn, Marc Ribot, Gary Lucas and Maurice Al Médioni.