                              ----------------------------
                              |     Quicktime 7.1 Pro    |
                              |     Including Serials    |
                              |  Thanks to Christley for |
                              |   the Serials and Upload |
                              ----------------------------




Like to take a magic carpet ride?

Just launch QuickTime Player, and there?s no telling where you?re likely to land. The Player may whisk you to the Moon or perhaps to an exotic location on this planet. Take you on a virtual field trip to the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum. Or treat you to the latest news, movie trailers, music videos, HBO series or PBS specials.

When you hop aboard QuickTime 7 Player, you?re assured of a truly rich multimedia experience.
Annotated screen shot
Get More with H.264

That?s because QuickTime 7 Player takes advantage of the latest video compression technology. It?s called H.264, and it?s an important new industry standard that?s quickly garnered widespread support. Chosen as the industry-standard codec for 3GPP (mobile multimedia), MPEG-4 HD-DVD and Blu-ray, H.264 represents the next generation of video for everything from mobile multimedia to high-definition playback.
H.264 icon

Ultra-efficient, the H.264 codec compresses video tightly ? resulting in much smaller files ? without sacrificing any quality. So you can watch video of astonishing quality ? crisp, clear and brilliantly saturated ? in a window up to four times the size you are currently used to seeing.
Streaming movies
Just Open It and It Works

The new QuickTime 7 Player not only delivers startling quality, but it?s easier to use than ever. It requires no set up for content that streams over the network. Instead, QuickTime 7 Player automatically determines your system?s connection speed and chooses the highest quality stream for the amount of bandwidth you have available. And if you ever lose a connection while watching streaming video, QuickTime 7 Player automatically reconnects. Now, that?s convenience.

You also have the option of using the Player?s new audio playback controls. With them, you can easily adjust volume, balance, bass or treble response till your heart?s content.
AV controls screen shot

Using the simple user interface in QuickTime 7, increase your movie playback speed to 3x to zip through a previously viewed online lecture or slow down to 1/2x speed for more challenging content. Looking for a particular scene? Use jog shuttle to adjust how quickly you fast-forward and rewind through the frames of a movie.

With QuickTime 7, you get clear, fluid playback even as you change the size of your player window. Just grab the resize corner of the player window or use control keys: QuickTime Player grows or shrinks smoothly and elegantly.
Surround sound icon
Sounds Really Good, Too

Do you think great video deserves great audio? We do, too. And QuickTime 7 Player delivers truly outstanding multi-channel audio. In fact, it provides you with up to 24 channels of audio, turning your home office into a home theater. Pop in a movie or video game that features surround sound and prepare to be amazed at the heightened audio experience you?ll enjoy on your computer equipped with surround-sound speakers. A really good sport, QuickTime 7 Player supports a wide-range of industry-standard audio formats, including AIFF, WAV, MOV, MP4 (AAC only) and AAC/ADTS.



Uploaded by Christley