Last 1 - Last 1 - Last 1 - Last 1 - Last 1 - Last 1 - 



The One Eyed Dude

delivers you with

his LAST RELEASE


:. title .:

..:: Hunting Unlimited 2oo8 -(.direct.play.)- ::..



:. ripped .:

Nuthing, nada, nix, janix, not even 1 byte...



:. about .:

Spot your prey quickly and get into position for the ultimate in hunting action! 
Scout for the perfect kill in 8 expansive hunting regions, complete with richly 
detailed animals and realistic animal behaviors. Play the challenges, free hunt
mode, or target range. Design your own challenges for endless play.



:. Features .:

- Hunt of a lifetime, now with Turkey!
- Over 60 hunting scenarios ("challenges") to choose from
- "Free hunt" mode offering endless combinations of random hunting situations
- Choose your prey from 16 species of game to hunt
- 28 weapons to pick from
- 28 hunting accessories, calls and lures at your disposal
- 8 expansive regions
- Go on Safari hunt!
- Take part in tournaments, compare your score online
- Dedicated fan community creating user-built challenges to keep the game fresh



MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS:

Windows 98/ME/2000/XP
Pentium 4 1.4 Ghz or 100% compatible
256 MB RAM
1 Gb HD Space (allows for swap file)
64 MB DirectX/Direct3D and T&L compatible video accelerator card
latest DirectX needed
DirectX compatible sound card
Mouse
CR-Rom drive



:. install .:

1.: Unrar with latest winrar and double click on  _Hunt-Reg.exe (must be done)
2.: Launch game with > hu2008.exe < 
3.: Enjoy!. and happy Gaming!.




Special Info Note:

Some virus-scanner recognize the header of packed exe's (_Hunt-Reg.exe)

as a lame virus, (coz it's the mostly byte by byte check error of 'em!.)

This is truly a false information!,  a so called false positive, you can read 

more about in your VirusTool-Manual or WebSite!.





Note 2:

This is really the last release/upload by me for the next couple days/weeks/months

for those who wanna know why ....read scrolltext. (_start-Hunt.exe)



-ToeD


-eol-

