In 2004, three years into President Bush's "war-on-terror", is the world a safer place than it was in the summer of 2001? Have the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan been met with the kind of successes "against terrorism" that had been promised by the Bush administration? These questions remain unresolved.

Was invading Iraq and Afghanistan really meant to reduce terrorist threats or was it a ploy to to implement another agenda? Is it a coincidence that in their "war-on-terror" George Bush and Dick Cheney targeted Iraq, a country known to possess the second largest oil reserves in the world? Is it another coincidence U.S. forces in Afghanistan and Central Asia are based near Central Asian oil and natural gas fields?

According to most experts, the Middle East holds 70% of the world oil reserves while North America, Europe and Japan are primary consumers. And, while emerging technologies might provide alternatives to oil used for energy, these innovations cannot remedy the need for oil used in plastics which accounts for about half of all present uses for oil.

With easy to understand maps and graphics, "The Oil Factor" looks at dwindling oil reserves and current consumption.
It presents recognized oil experts, a Pentagon insider and pro-Bush administration officials to identify motives for invading Afghanistan and Iraq, and the positioning of U.S. troops around the world wherever oil is pumped or shipped, deployments not generally known by most Americans at this time. "The Oil Factor" presents behind-the-scenes manipulations of the Bush-Cheney government pertinent to current military activities in the region.

After a year and a half of investigation and a three month trip covering Iraq, Pakistan and Afghanistan, "The Oil Factor" looks at both the human cost and the greater geo-strategic picture of the Bush administration's "war-on-terror". Along with solid facts and figures, clear, illustrative maps and graphics and original footage shot on location, "The Oil Factor" features such personalities as Zbigniew Brzezinski, Noam Chomsky, The Project for the New American Century Director Gary Schmitt, best-seller "Taliban" author Ahmed Rashid and the Pentagon's Karen Kwiatkowski.

This film discloses information not being seen in the media news, but that should be. Why?

"The Oil Factor" is brought to you by the makers of "Hidden Wars of Desert Storm", a highly acclaimed film documenting George H. Bush's war against Iraq. The team is comprised of Audrey Brohy and Gerard Ungerman, a husband-and-wife documentary film-making team since 1995, a multi-talented editor Jason Stezel, and composer Fritz Heede.

Frames:
http://img2.uploadimages.net/819379The.Oil.Factor-Behind.The.War.On.Terror.DivX.5-2.jpg
http://img2.uploadimages.net/102212The.Oil.Factor-Behind.The.War.On.Terror.DivX.5-1.jpg

Filesize.....: 697 MB (or 714,408 KB or 731,553,792 bytes)
Runtime......: 01:29:18 (160,577 fr)
Video Codec..: DivX 5.0
Video Bitrate: 988 kb/s
Audio Codec..: 0x0055(MP3) ID'd as MPEG-1 Layer 3
Audio Bitrate: 96 kb/s (48/ch, stereo) VBR 
Frame Size...: 640x480 (1.33:1) [=4:3]