Premise: Traveling swordsman Shen Sheng-yi (Ti Lung) and his lady friend match wits and swords with the last surviving member of the once great Murung family who is determined to rule the martial world by stealing plans to crafting firearms. 

Review: Roving Swordsman is a classic example of literary wuxia brought to vivid life by the master of the genre Chor Yuen, backed as usual by the fine choreography of Tong Gaai and Shaw Brothers' imaginative art direction team.

The movie is based on a novel by Huang Ying who follows in the tradition of famed wuxia author Gu Long. That means one can expect fanciful plots of intrigue where the noble and no-so-noble swordsmen of the jiang hu, or martial world employ guile and sophisticated swordplay amid trap-filled halls and secret lairs in order to best their enemies. By 1980, Chor Yuen and Shaw Brothers had this genre nearly perfected and Roving Swordsman is a near flawless example. However, as a film matched with any other outside its domain, it still possesses traits such as some all-too-obvious intrigue that may seem quaint or tiresome to some.

Ti Lung, who had become one of SB's leading sword slingers in the '70s after co-starring in superb Cheng Cheh films like Have Sword, Will Travel (1969) and The New One-Armed Swordsman (1971) is the perfect picture of a Chinese knight errant as Shen Sheng-yi. He's a wandering swordsman who arrives with his female companion to help a friend protect his daughter from Madam Murung Gufang (Ching Hoh-wai), the last in the Murung family line who resides in a secret underground lair. With the aid of the crafty Chameleon (Guk Fung) and an assassin-for-hire (Goo Goon-chung), she makes a desperate bid to put her clan back on top by kidnapping the girl in hopes of ransoming her for Tang's Arsenal Manual that contains detailed plans on how to construct firearms. Unable to beat Sheng-yi outright, Murung and her companions hatch a series of elaborate plots involving dummies, disguises and secret passageways. But they've picked the wrong adversary as Sheng-yi soon informs them and it's not long before the heroes find their way into Murung's trap-filled lair to give battle in an explosive finale.

Roving Swordsman is in many regards your standard swordplay film from Shaw Brothers, yet still stands out. All scenes are shot indoors on very intricately decorated sets that recreate seaside cliffs, waterfalls, dungeons, and massive lairs with every Chinese ornament of the Tang era that anyone could imagine. One set alone is fantastic as it recreates the Seven Colors Forest from the novel and possesses a plethora of colorful foliage. Equally colorful costumes and lots of ominous stage fog complete the look of a magical world that could otherwise only exist in the pages of a book.

Near-bloodless swordplay from Tong Gaai in this case emphasizes nobility and flair rather than the brute savagery of his past collaborations with Chang Cheh. Ti Lung is well-suited to this style and executes a wide range of graceful moves with multiple foes. Of interest is the fact that his character rarely unsheathes his sword when fighting, thus indicating that he is reluctant to kill. Screen beauty Cheng Lee is as inviting as always in another heroic role, but the dictates of the plot do require her to regrettably take a backseat for much of the film.

The final match is unusual in that it borrows from Fist of Fury or The Man with the Golden Gun by sticking the hero in an elaborate maze of mirrors where he's forced to contend with the trickery of his opponents. The scene is quite long and probably not as convincing as it could have been. Yet it's still fun to see Ti Lung smashing through mirrors in what becomes his only real challenge. One frustration is the amount of time Ti spars with the villainous Guk Fung with little or no effect. It can become a bit tedious to see the same fighters go at it repeatedly. Also, the action generally lacks the trampoline or wire-assisted leaping and diving found in other wuxia films.

I have already made one comparison to a James Bond film, but it really is accurate to describe Roving Swordsman as a James Bond movie in the Tang Dynasty. It's all about a resourceful agent, this one working only for a universal code of chivalry, pitted against an eccentric villain with plans to rule the world. Replace guns with swords and just about everything else is the same. The only real difference is that this hero is above worldly vices and represents a far less anarchistic character than Ti Lung portrayed in his previous heroic bloodshed films. Its a tone that may not excite fans of more bloody and kinetic swordplay films like Ching Siu-tung's Duel to the Death (1983), but thanks to creative production work and Chor's accomplished skill in adapting wuxia stories to feature film, Roving Swordsman is head and shoulders above many lesser independent wuxia films from the era that still looked to recreate the films of a decade prior.
	
	
- Mark Pollard