lichtenberg - don't let them down (CD)

 
http://www.soulseduction.com/main/hoox.php?HooxType=image&HooxCode=206664&MediaCode=CD&ImageSize=145
 
filetype:	mp3
rate:	192kbps
media:	CD  
label:	schiff ahoi schallplatten/a 
style:	nujazz / headz / groove 
released:	6/2007

----------------------------

Tracks:
1. don´t let them down (3:21)
2. stranded (2:46)
3. yola (4:08)
4. stubborn (3:36)
5. break in (3:26)
6. adele (3:38)
7. the b-pictures (3:54)
8. conny & blyde (3:12)
9. seven (3:15)
10. stranded 2 (2:23)
11. the road to nowhere is a place to be (5:11)
 
----------------------------

Editorial review by soul seduction (http://www.soulseduction.com/common/item_detail.php?ItemID=172268):

"Don´t Let Them Down" is the fifth album by Lichtenberg, the brainchild of Franz Reisecker, working out of Vienna, Austria. "Don´t Let Them Down" also marks the 10th anniversary of Reisecker using the name of the german writer and physician Georg Christoph Lichtenberg (1742 - 1799) as his musical alter ego. 
Being very much drawn into Lichtenberg´s (musical) world with the album´s first sung lines of "leaving the planet earth" (space-trip anybody?) you don´t have to look any further than to track 2, "Stranded" to experience a perfect slice of Lichtenberg´s advanced and fully developed take on well, pop. Reisecker sings "dancing around the golden calf like a stranded whale / the black sheep of the family said anger is an energy" and the relaxed yet focused way he delivers the words of John Lydon/Johnny Rotten about anger lends new meaning to them, like they can guide even grown-ups towards "a new born heart without a guarantee". Which sure should be a great place to be. 
Reisecker, born 1963, has been a fixture of an austrian music scene that´s more interested in exploring musical possibilities than finding safe formulas for commercial success for ages, his quite impressive discography and the list of bands and projects he worked with reflecting his own musical curiosity and ability to channel the input of the world around him through his always changing, sometimes challenging output. Over the last couple of years he focused on his work with jazz-electronica groove-meisters Trio Exklusiv, among their many achievements an acclaimed live-appearance at the Montreux Festival. 
Having recently split with them Reisecker found the time to focus on the songs of "Don´t Let Them Down" and develop them for release, some of them enriched by vocal or instrumental contributions by some of austrian´s finest musicians, among them members of Attwenger and pop-wunder Naked Lunch. 
The great thing is that tough the guest-singers wrote their own lyrics (Agenda Lobkov even making up their own language for the brilliant "Yola") the album manages not to break apart into individual songs/tracks (you will still pick your favorite, but don´t be surprised when it changes regulary ?) that don´t have much in common. There´s a musical, emotional, even sensual logic to the whole of it, that make the 39 minutes of "Don´t Let Them Down" such a subtle, yet arresting experience. By the time you arrive at "The Road To Nowhere Is The Place To Be" you´re very likely left wanting more. 
"Don´t Let Them Down" is a mature piece of music, but while "mature" most of the time makes for really boring listening, there´s nothing boring about "Don´t Let Them Down". 
It´s the essence of a gifted musician´s journey, who started out as a guitar-player (still his first instrument) in a more-or-less rock-band, moved beyond that, fell in love with electronica and Drum´n´Bass, knows the pros and cons of solo-work and playing with other people and by now almost effortlessly works his whole experience into his songs.  
