Genie Backup Manager Professional is a total system and data protection solution that combines ease-of-use and robust performance. It allows users to perform fast backup and recovery jobs reliably, and protects all MS Windows based desktops, laptops, and networked systems against various types of threats such as system failure, human error, and disaster.




GBM Pro V8.0; equipped with Windows Vista compatible disaster recovery feature, guarantees your business continuity by backing up your whole system (Operating System, Applications, Documents, E-mails, Settings, Desktop, Files/Folders, MS Outlook, and Win Mail, etc) and offering faster and easier recovery without the need for MS Windows installation CD, through a clear cut wizard-based interface.

With GBM Pro V8.0, users can backup their data to virtually any storage destination including: Local/LAN location, Removable Media Devices (USB, REV disks, Floppy disks, etc), Remote location using FTP, CD/DVD media, Tape Drives, as well as Online using Ajax-based backup technology, offering better data management and greater data availability.

GBM Pro V8.0 delivers higher reliability as it packs everything under one roof by providing a built-in open/used files backup agent together with an easy-to-use smart backup scheduler where users can set GBM to perform different backup jobs in different times and intervals, snooze or even pause scheduled backup(s), and prompt GBM to postpone backup if the system is running on batteries (Laptop Power Optimization Support).

Using U.S. government-certified Advanced Encryption Standard (AES), Genie Backup Manager Pro V8.0 provides premium security and prevents unauthorized access to backed up data, and employs a 128-Bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for data transmission, certified by the leading global provider of SSL certificates Thawte, assuring data integrity and forbidding eavesdroppers from intervening data.

Features:
- Disaster Recovery
Keep yourself protected and be ready in case of system failure by performing fast and easy recovery.
- Online Backup
Keep your data far from reach and backup to our online servers. Access your data anytime/anywhere with proper authentication.
- Backup Media
Backup to virtually any storage device including REV, CD/DVD, FTP, Local/LAN AND Tape media.
- Secure
Safeguard your data from unauthorized access using multiple levels of AES encryption as well as Zip Password protection.
- Backup locked & open files
Ensure business continuity of all mission critical data using Genie's integrated Open File Backup utility to backup open and locked files while in use.

have fun and enjoy The Joker