Sony Vegas Pro 8.0a build 179 Corporate


Precise Editing Tools
Edit SD or HD video with drag-and-drop functionality, mouse and keyboard trimming, and ripple editing. Features include ProType Titling technology, multicamera editing tools, 32-bit floating point video processing, customizable window layouts, color-coded snapping, improved HDV/SDI/XDCAM support, Cinescore plug-in support, A/V synchronization detection and repair, and auto-frame quantization. More about video editing

Efficient, Professional Workflow
The Vegas Pro 8 interface provides a fully customizable workspace for accomplishing a wide range of production requirements. Dock multiple windows across multiple monitors, and save your layouts to fit specific editing tasks; nest Vegas projects within the timeline, customize and save keyboard commands, and use application scripting to automate repetitive tasks. System-wide media management produces maximum efficiency. Network rendering saves time by using multiple computers and networked drive arrays to render complex projects. Vegas Pro software also supports 24p, HD and HDV editing. More about the Vegas Pro workflow

Superior Audio Control
Use unlimited tracks, 24-bit/192 kHz audio, punch-in recording, 5.1 surround mixing, effects automation, and time compress/expand. Apply customizable, real-time audio effects like EQ, Reverb, Delay, and more. Expand your audio processing and mixing options with supported third-party DirectX┬½ and VST audio plug-ins. Use the Mixing Console for precise audio control. More about audio production

Powerful DVD Tools
Burn Blu-ray discs directly from the timeline for high-definition delivery. Create standard DVDs with multiple video angles, subtitles, multiple languages, and running commentary. Apply Brightness and Contrast, Auto Levels, Crop, and Anti-Flicker filters. Set CSS and Macrovision┬½ copy-protection flags for masters. DVD Architect Pro 4.5 software supports the latest devices, including dual-layer DVD burners. More about DVD creation

Interactive Tutorials New!
Vegas Pro 8 software has a comprehensive help system, as well as detailed 