Haute tension (2003) aka "High Tension" aka "Switchblade Romance"

IMDB Link:

http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0338095/

----

Guess what?  You are retarded if you haven't seen this movie.  

Thus being said:

I have not seen a single release ANYWHERE that was the TOTALLY UNCUT 91 minute version.  MINE is the 91 minute TOTALLY UNCUT VERSION...additionally, it doesn't look like shit, in fact, the visual quality matches the dvd.  Don't think so?  Unbutton you pants, and feast your eyes on the eyepopping image quality...but make sure you have a roll of toilet paper handy, as you will surely shit yourself.

I went with hard encoded English subs on this one, because so many people do not understand how to load external subs.  I also moved the subtitle frame of reference up 1/4" so that it is possible to read the subs, yet to still catch all of the great facial expressions of the lead actresses.  There is very little dialogue in this film, and what little there is, should not distract the viewer from the acting, as the acting, although mostly silent, MAKES this movie what it is.

----

Mini Plot:

Plot Summary for
Haute tension (2003)

Two female college students, Marie and Alexa, set off to Alex's parent's secluded homestead in the country to relax and study. Come nightfall, Hell pulls up at the front door when a mysterious killer breaks in and kills Alexa's father, mother, brother and pet dog. Alex is now bound and gagged, taken off by the killer, with Marie not far behind eluding the intruder. Can she save her friend's life in time? Or is everything all that it seems...?

----

Encoded by: sickboy88
Codec: XviD 1.1.0 Beta 2
Bitrate: 938 kb/s AVG
Aspect: 640x288 = 2.22:1
Audio: French, 128 kb/s VBR AVG Stereo @ 48K Hz
Subtitles: English: Internal Hard-Encoded
Runtime: 01:30:57
FPS: 23.976

----

If you are going to watch this, you'll want to install the NEW XviD codec:

Now at Beta 2!

http://www.koepi.org/XviD-1.1.0-Beta2-04042005.exe

For top quality, make sure you use the XviD decoder configerator, and turn
on (Y) and (UV) deblocking, and the new feature of
XviD 1.1.0 (Y) and (UV) DERINGING.

If you have a slow computer, please turn off pre-processing. I don't want
another stupid motherfucker telling me that my movies are out of sync
because they are totally computer illiterate.