Amazon.com
Reanimation is the evil twin of Linkin Park's 2000 debut, Hybrid Theory. While plotting their next studio album, the Southern California band enlisted some of aggro rock's leading lights, as well as some of the more enlightened underground MCs and producers, to slice and dice all the songs on their debut (including a few bonus cuts that made it to their Japanese release). Linkin Park allowed their special guests--including Korn's Jonathan Davis, Staind's Aaron Lewis, Orgy's Jay Gordon, the Roots' Black Thought, and Jurassic 5's Chali 2NA--to run riot through their songbook, tweaking melodies, writing new lyrics, and sometimes changing the entire intent of the originals. As a result, this collection of 20 songs is Mr. Hyde to Hybrid Theory's Dr. Jekyll. Most of Linkin Park's atmospheric and melodic moments have ended on the cutting-room floor--along with the self-consciousness that pervaded many of the songs--replaced with a brash impudence that's more rap than rock. Chali 2NA entirely changes the landscape on "Forgotten," shape-shifting the song into an alien being dubbed "Frgt/10," which takes you to a dark, desolate place with only your own disturbed thoughts and some electronic bleeps for company. And that's enough. This is a masterful art project that truly succeeds. --Jaan Uhelszki --This text refers to the Audio CD edition.

Product Description
This is not just another remix album. All the songs of Hybrid Theory have been reinterpreted, plus 'High Voltage' and 'My December.' Just a few of the remixers/featured artists (since the list is so long) include Jay Gordon (Orgy), Evidence (Dilated Peoples), Aaron Lewis (Staind), Chali 2Na (Jurassic 5) & Black Thought (the Roots). Digipak. 2002. --This text refers to the Audio CD edition. 


Track Listings:

1. Opening 
2. Pts.Of.Athrty 
3. Enth E nd 
4. [Chali] 
5. Frgt/10 
6. P5hng Me A*WY
7. Plc.4 Mie Haed 
8. X-Ecutioner Style 	
9. H! Vltg3 
10. [Riff Raff] 
11. Wth>You 	
12. Ntr\Mssion
13. Ppr:kut 
14. Rnw@y 	
15. My<Dsmbr
16. [Stef] 
17. By_Myself 
18. Kyur4 Th Ich 
19. 1Stp Klosr 	
20. Krwlng

BONUS VIDEO FOOTAGE INCLUDED: "Pts.Of.Athrty," "Frgt/10," & "Kyur4 Th Ich." 
ALSO INCLUDES: "Making of the 'Pts.Of.Athrty' animated video"



This disk plays 3 ways: Advanced resolution surround; Advance resolution stereo; DVD-Video compatible dolby digital; advanced resolution audio and related visual content require DVD-Audio capable players.



This is a DVD-Audio disc which is playable on most DVD players as well as all DVD-Audio players.