Psycho Choke - Get Myself Alone  
                                                 
ARTiST Pycho Choke                
TiTLE  Get Myself Alone              
GENRE Metal                          
SiZE 58,7 MB (61.624.320 bytes)    
SOURCE Digital Master                  
FORMAT XviD                          
ViDEO 512x288 25.00fps 1494Kbps      
AUDiO MP3 48000Hz stereo 192Kbps    
LENGTH 04:50                          

Directed by George 'detox' Papaioannou

Band Info:

In September of 1999 Argys create-a-band struggle had finally reached to an end after
discovering that P. Baxevanis, G. Thanos and G.Motesnitsas were sharing the same
hardcore blueprint. Along with Billy (who has now left the band), the band came up
with a name focused on the psycho-wrath of each individual member of it and almost
immediately begun writing songs and performing live in audience. One year later
Psycho Choke hit the studios recording their Choke On This debut album at Mix studios
under the production of Fotis Demertzis. By the end of 2001 P.C. had their debut cd
on their hands but it was not until their live act with Soulfly that Alkis
(their former singer) met the band and vice versa..

After a short period of tension and disagreements Billy decides to leave the band
and it was a matter of time until Alkis got in studio with the rest of the band for
an Audition. The joining in was inevitable. New material with the influence of the
youngest part gave them in almost 5 months a complete band new 11 track demo,
simply titled "Demo 05".

The demo receives rave reviews around the globe, with highlight being the
"Demo of the Month" award in Greece's Metal Hammer magazine (Febr. 2006 issue).

Since then, Psycho Choke wrote and recorded a 4 track Mini-CD called
"The Last Moments of Absence", which you can exclusively hear on this website!
Argy describes the new material simply as "the best the band has done so far".

The new material features the agression of the band's old works but at the same
time combines great melodies and catchy big choruses with effective hooklines.
The production and overall sound is also of high quality

Enter the Psycho!!!

myspace.com/psychochoke
myspace.com/de_tox