Neverwinter Nights 2 (c) Atari
      
        11/2006 :..... RELEASE.DATE .. PROTECTION .......: Securom
              1 :.......... DISC(S) .. GAME.TYPE ........: RPG
    
                   Üßß  ÜßßÜ ÜßÜßÜ Üßß  ß ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ ÜßßÜ Üß
  ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß Û ß² Ûßß² Û   ² ²ß Ü Û Û  ² ²ß   Û  ² ßßßÛ ßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                    ßß  ß    ß   ß ßßßß ß ß    ß     ßß   ßß
 
  Neverwinter Nights 2 (NWN2) is a computer role-playing game set in the fantasy
  world of the Forgotten Realms, one of the popular campaign settings of 
  Dungeons and Dragons. It takes the player from the tiniest of villages into a
  sweeping tale of danger and war, chronicling their rise from a peasant to a 
  full-fledged hero of the Realms, defending it against one of the greatest 
  threats of the age.

  Build a character that suits your style of play - good or evil, chaotic or 
  lawful, with any number of skills, feats and professions available at the 
  click of a button. Whether lobbing fireballs and researching forgotten spells 
  as a powerful Wizard, hacking a trail through legions of orcs as a Fighter 
  armed only with a battle axe and your courage, or taking on the role of a 
  Rogue that can slip into the shadows at a moment\'s notice and take the purse 
  from even the most perceptive of guardsmen. Choose your alignment, your 
  allies, your companions, and how you want your character to develop... design 
  the character you want, role-play the way you want, and carry the battle to 
  the enemy.

  The design aspects of Neverwinter Nights 2 don\'t stop there, however. Past 
  the campaign included with the game itself, Neverwinter Nights 2 also gives 
  you all the tools you need to build your own modules, campaigns, and 
  adventures for your friends - move buildings, terrain, script encounters, 
  write dialogues, create quests and items - everything you need to create an
  epic adventure of your own is included in the toolset for you and any other 
  worldbuilder to use.

  So if you are interested in adventure - or building adventures of your own -
  look no further. Neverwinter Nights 2 is on the horizon, and adventure awaits.