This is the ultimate hacker movie collection. Here you will find lines as: "It's not a worm, it's a virus", "Who are you calling a program, program?", "You've hacked into the US Department of Justice" "Isn't it odd that the two best hackers in the world are here at the same time", "Remember, hacking is more than just a crime. It's a survival trait!" and "Jolt Cola! The soft drink of the elite hacker."
Matrix maybe should be here but I think that is to mainstream. It is not (as the hackers calls it) "leet" enough. :-)


Tron (1982)
Hacker/arcade owner Kevin Flynn is desperate to prove that the hottest videogames from ENCOM were stolen from him by a former co-worker, who is now a senior executive there. Flynn's efforts, however, are made fruitless by ENCOM's "Big Brother," the megalomaniacal Master Control Program. One night, the MCP catches Flynn in an attempted hack and pulls him into the virtual world. Flynn finds that the MCP is making life in the virtual world just as, if not more, miserable as in the real world. Flynn's only hope is to find TRON, a heroic independent system security program, and help him destroy the MCP to bring order to both worlds.

Hackers (1995) 
A young boy is arrested by the Secret Service for writing a virus, and banned from using a computer until his 18th birthday. Years later, he and his new-found friends discover a plot to unleash a dangerous computer virus, but must use their computer skills to find the evidence while being pursued by the Secret Service and the evil computer genius behind the virus.

Goldeneye (1995)
James Bond 007 races to Russia in search of the stolen GoldenEye, a secret space weapon that destroys everything with an electronic circuit. In the wrong hands, it can be a way to topple governments, change the world dramatically, and cause chaotic circumstances. 007 teams up with Natalya Simonova in order to stop a rogue agent from destroying London.

Swordfish (2001)
In this futuristic technology spy movie, John Travolta plays Gabriel Shear, a man who is desperately trying to access information that is locked inside a complicated computer system that contains mountains of government secrets - and money. He hires Stanley Jobson (Hugh Jackman), a desperate computer expert, to help him hack into the system.