Convenience Package 2 for IBM(R) OS/2(R) Warp Server for e-business 
README
-----------------------------------------------------------------

This README contains installation instructions and other information 
for the Convenience Package 2 for IBM OS/2 Warp Server for e-business 
(hereafter referred to in this document as "WSeb C-Pak2").

If there are any updates to this README after WSeb C-Pak2 ships, the
updates will be placed on the "Network Computing Software Support 
News" Web site (also called FIXNEWS). This Web site contains a list 
of fix-related news items. The Web address for FIXNEWS is:
 
http://ps.software.ibm.com/pbin-usa-ps/getobj.pl?/pdocs-usa/fixnews.html

In addition to this README, a Technical Notes document is provided which
contains non-installation related technical material and notes on a 
variety of OS/2 topics. You can view the Technical Notes by opening the 
Information Folder and clicking the TECHNOTE object.
--------------------------------------------------------------------

CONTENTS
--------

Convenience Package 2 for IBM OS/2 Warp Server for e-business 
Version 4.52 README

   1.0 System prerequisites
   2.0 Installation instructions
        2.1  Starting installation with diskettes
        2.2  Installing from a CD        
        2.3  Installing Multimedia device support
        2.4  Installing the WSeb C-Pak2 over a previous 
             version of OS/2
        2.5  Installing and updating the HPFS386 feature
        2.6  Installing a previous version of OS/2 after installing
             the WSeb C-Pak2
        2.7  Installing on a hidden partition
        2.8  Installing on an IBM ThinkPad(R) computer
        2.9  Customizing installation through a file command
        2.10 Installing the WSeb C-Pak2 using CID
        2.11 Troubleshooting installation        
   3.0 Optional software
        3.1  USB Support
        3.2  PCI Yamaha YMF724 (DS-1) audio
        3.3  PCI Ensoniq ES1371 audio
        3.4  TrackPoint IV support 
   4.0 Installing other software        
        4.1  Installing IBM OS/2 Warp Developer Kit, Java(R) 2 
             Technology Edition, Version 1.3
        4.2  Installing Java 1.1.8 components
        4.3  Updating Java 1.1.8            
        4.4  UDF restrictions in PM mode
        4.5  Migrating LAN services
        4.6  Running a DB/2 server over NetBIOS/TCPBEUI on WSeb C-Pak2
        4.7  Installing WorkSpace On-Demand 2.0 on a WSeb C-Pak2 server
        4.8  Installing Netscape 4.61 for WSeb C-Pak2 RIPL clients
        4.9  Using and Configuring Peer Service on RIPL DOS clients 
        4.10 Fonts for DBCS users   
   5.0 Additional Information
        5.1  README files
        5.2  Books
   6.0 Appendix A. Notices
   7.0 Appendix B. Trademarks

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


1.0 SYSTEM PREREQUISITES
------------------------

The following are the minimum system requirements for the WSeb C-Pak2:
   
   * 133 MHz Intel Pentium(R)-compatible CPU
   * 32MB RAM; 64MB recommended
   * 120MB for the base installation; 300MB minimum for the base
     installation plus default installed components; 500MB recommended

Note: 
     WSeb C-Pak2 migration is supported only over a corresponding
     C-Pak1 system. Otherwise, you must format the operating system
     partition.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

2.0 INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
-----------------------------

If you must create installation diskettes to start the installation
process, start with the section titled Starting installation with 
diskettes and then proceed to the Installing from CD section. If your 
system can boot from a CD, skip to the section titled Installing 
from CD. If you have problems installing the WSeb C-Pak2 from CD, 
follow the instructions below about creating and using installation 
diskettes.

If you are installing over a previous version of the operating system 
(also referred to in this document as "migration"), it is important 
that you follow the steps in this README file, including ensuring that 
the Multimedia Device Support field on the System Configuration panel 
is set to None during the initial migration. Multimedia Support 
requires a second installation step, after completing installation of 
the base operating system, using Selective Install. See step 7 under 
Installing from CD and the section titled Migrating Multimedia support.

Note:
     If you are installing over a previous version of OS/2, you 
     should back up your system before installing the WSeb C-Pak2. 
     
     WSeb C-Pak2 migration is supported only over a corresponding
     C-Pak1 system. Otherwise, you must format the operating system
     partition.

2.1 Starting installation with diskettes
----------------------------------------

To create installation diskettes for installing the WSeb C-Pak2, 
start with the section titled Starting installation with diskettes. If 
you need to modify the diskettes for your particular system hardware, 
see the sections under Modifying the installation diskettes for new 
hardware.

2.1.1 Creating installation diskettes

If your system cannot boot from the WSeb C-Pak2 Installation CD, or if 
you need to add device drivers before you begin installation, you must 
create installation diskettes to start your system and begin the 
installation process. You can create installation diskettes on any 
system that is already started and that has a diskette drive and a 
CD-ROM drive.

To create installation diskettes:

  1. Gather three blank diskettes and the WSeb C-Pak2 CD.
  2. Label the three diskettes as follows:
        o Installation Diskette
        o Diskette 1
        o Diskette 2
  3. Insert the WSeb C-Pak2 CD.
  4. Open an OS/2 window.
  5. From an OS/2 command prompt, type e: and press Enter (where e: 
     is the drive letter of the CD-ROM drive).
  6. At the OS/2 command prompt, type CDINST and press Enter.
  7. At the prompt Press any key when ready, press a key.
  8. Insert the blank diskette labeled Diskette 1 and press Enter to 
     copy the files.
  9. Remove Diskette 1 from the diskette drive and press Enter.
 10. Insert the blank diskette labeled Diskette 2 and press Enter to 
     copy the files.
 11. Remove Diskette 2 from the diskette drive and press Enter.
 12. Insert the blank diskette labeled Installation Diskette into the
     diskette drive and press Enter to copy the files.
     Note:
          You are prompted to leave the Installation Diskette in the
          diskette drive and to restart the system. Do NOT follow the
          prompt. Instead, continue as instructed below.
 13. Remove the Installation Diskette from the diskette drive and 
     press Enter.
 14. Close the OS/2 window.

Now that the installation diskettes are created, you can either add 
device drivers to them, or you can start the installation process. To 
modify the installation diskettes for your particular system --for 
example, to add device drivers to the diskettes-- see Modifying the 
installation diskettes for new hardware and the sections that follow 
it. To start the installation process, see Starting the installation 
process with diskettes.

2.1.2 Modifying the installation diskettes for new hardware

The WSeb C-Pak2 includes support for many device drivers. If, however,
support for your hardware is not included, you must create 
installation diskettes, and then add the necessary device drivers to 
the installation diskettes before starting installation. For example, 
you might have a hard-disk controller with a CD-ROM drive attached to 
it that is not supported by the operating system. If during the 
installation process, you receive a message stating that your CD-ROM 
drive is not supported, or if you are prompted to insert the CD, the 
necessary device driver is probably not on the installation diskettes. 
To locate the device driver you need, either contact the manufacturer 
of the device or see the OS/2 Device Driver Pak Online at the 
following Web address:
 
http://service.software.ibm.com/os2ddpak/index.htm

After you obtain the appropriate device driver, you can modify the
installation diskettes to support the new hardware in one of the 
following ways:

   * Add a device driver to the installation diskettes.
   * Replace a device driver on the installation diskettes.
   * Add parameters to existing device drivers.
   * If there is not enough space on the installation diskettes to 
     copy the new device driver, see Creating space on the 
     installation diskettes for device drivers.
   * If you want to replace one or more system files with a newer 
     version, see Replacing system files on the installation diskettes.

Remember, if anything goes wrong, you can always recreate the 
installation diskettes. See Starting installation with diskettes for 
information for details.

2.1.3 Adding a device driver to the installation diskettes

Use this procedure when the device driver is new or is not included 
with the WSeb C-Pak2. If there is not enough space on the installation 
diskettes to copy the new device driver, see Creating space on the 
installation diskettes for device drivers.

To add a new device driver to the installation diskettes:

  1. If your device driver requires a BASEDEV= statement in the 
     CONFIG.SYS file, add your device driver to Diskette 1. 
     Otherwise, the device driver uses a DEVICE= statement and is 
     copied to Diskette 2.
  2. Modify the CONFIG.SYS file on Diskette 1 as follows:
       a. Make sure the following statement exists in the CONFIG.SYS 
          file:

          SET SAVECONNECT=1

       b. Add the following statement to ensure that the device driver 
          is copied throughout the installation process:

          SET COPYFROMFLOPPY=1

       c. Add the appropriate statements to the CONFIG.SYS file:

          BASEDEV=driver_name
          DEVICE=driver_name

     Note:
          If the connection to the hard disk or CD-ROM drive is lost 
          during the installation process or when you restart your 
          system, make sure the CD-ROM device driver statement is in 
          the CONFIG.SYS file on the correct diskette, and make sure 
          that the CD-ROM device driver is copied to the OS2BOOT 
          directory. All device driver statements must include path 
          information, such as DEVICE=C:OS2BOOTCOM.SYS.

2.1.4 Replacing a device driver on the installation diskettes

Use this procedure to install a newer version of a device driver that 
was included with the WSeb C-Pak2. If there is not enough space on the
installation diskettes to copy the new device driver, see Creating 
space on the installation diskettes for device drivers.

To replace a device driver that resides on Diskette 1 or Diskette 2:

  1. Copy the new device driver file over the existing file on 
     Diskette 1 or Diskette 2.
  2. Add the following statement to the CONFIG.SYS file on 
     Diskette 1:

     SET COPYFROMFLOPPY=1

The installation program uses the new device driver and copies the
necessary files to the target volume.

2.1.5 Adding or modifying parameters for existing device drivers

Use this procedure when you need to add or modify parameters to 
existing device drivers and these parameters must be copied to the 
target volume during installation.

To add or modify parameters for existing device drivers, modify 
the CONFIG.SYS file on Diskette 1 as follows:

  1. Add or modify the required parameters for the device driver's 
     BASEDEV= and DEVICE= statements.
  2. Make sure that the following statement exists in the CONFIG.SYS 
     file on Diskette 1:

     SET SAVECONNECT=1

The installation program copies the modified lines to the CONFIG.SYS 
file on the target volume.

2.1.6 Creating space on the installation diskettes for device drivers

If you must create free space on Diskette 1, depending on your system
hardware configuration, you can try one or more of the following 
procedures before you copy the new device drivers to the installation 
diskettes. For each file you delete from the diskette, you must also 
remove or comment out the corresponding statement from the CONFIG.SYS 
file and from the SNOOP.LST file.

   * If you are installing the WSeb C-Pak2 on a system that does not 
     have a SCSI (Small Computer System Interface) adapter, you can 
     delete one or more of the following files to free up to 700KB 
     of diskette space: 

      Filename    Size

      SYM8XX.ADD  63,580
      SYM_HI.ADD  67,140

   * If you are installing the WSeb C-Pak2 on a SCSI system, 
     determine which SCSI adapter you are using, and remove the 
     SCSI drivers that you are not using. If you have a problem 
     starting the system after removing the SCSI drivers, you have 
     removed the wrong drivers from Diskette 1. Copy the SCSI drivers 
     from the original Diskette 1 to the Diskette 1 you modified.
   * If you are not using a RAID (Redundant Array of Independent 
     Disks) array system, you can remove the IPSRAID.ADD file to 
     free 20KB of diskette space.

If you must create free space on Diskette 2, you can 
remove certain files before you copy the new device drivers 
to the installation diskettes. To avoid installation problems,
do not remove any files other than the files listed below.
Remove one or more of the following files to free up to 89KB of 
diskette space:

     TEDIT.EXE
     TEDIT.HLP
     RMVIEW.EXE
     RMINFO.DLL
     NPXEMLTR.DLL

2.1.7 Replacing system files on the installation diskettes

Use this procedure to install a newer version of one or more of the 
system files included on the Installation Diskette. The system files 
include the following:

     OS2KRNLI
     OS2LDR
     OS2LDR.MSG
     OS2BOOT

To add a new system file or files to the Installation Diskette:

  1. Copy the new system file or files over the existing file or files 
     on the Installation Diskette.
  2. Add the following statement to the CONFIG.SYS file on Diskette 1 
     to ensure that the new system file or files are copied throughout 
     the installation process:

     SET COPYFROMFLOPPY=1

2.1.8 Starting the installation process with diskettes

To begin the installation process:

   1. Gather the Installation Diskette, Diskette 1, Diskette 2, 
      and the WSeb C-Pak2 CD.
   2. Insert the Installation Diskette, and then when prompted,
      insert Diskette 1 and Diskette 2.
   3. Insert the WSeb C-Pak2 CD.
   4. Turn on or restart the system.
   5. Proceed as indicated under Installing from CD, picking up at 
      step 3.
      For more information, refer to the online help screens by 
      pressing F1.

2.2 Installing from a CD
------------------------

To install the WSeb C-Pak2:

  1. Insert the WSeb C-Pak2 Installation CD and restart the system.
  2. When prompted, remove the CD, insert the WSeb C-Pak2 CD, and 
     press Enter.
  3. Follow the prompts on the screen as directed. For more 
     information, refer to the online help screens by pressing F1.
  4. When the Installation Volume Selection panel is displayed, 
     choose to accept the default volume or to specify a different 
     volume for the installation and press Enter.

     Notes:

       1. WSeb C-Pak2 migration is supported only over a 
          corresponding C-Pak1 system. Otherwise, you must format 
          the operating system partition.

       2. If you are installing the WSeb C-Pak2 on a system without 
          an existing operating system, choose to specify a different 
          volume. Doing so will start the Logical Volume Manager (LVM) 
          and enable you to create a new volume for the installation. 
          After you create a new volume and exit LVM, installation 
          continues.

       3. If you specify a different volume as the installation 
          volume, the partition must be set to installable. You can 
          set the partition to be installable with LVM.
  5. Select one of the following formatting options to format the
     installation volume and press Enter:

          Do not format the volume      (migration)
          Perform a long format         (installation)
          Perform a quick format        (installation)

  6. If you select either a long or quick format, select the file 
     system for the installation volume and press Enter. A pop-up 
     warning about overwriting existing data is displayed. Click OK. 
     The installation volume is formatted. When the format is 
     complete, the system is automatically restarted and installation 
     continues.
  7. On the System Configuration panels, specify the hardware and 
     country or region options that you want and click Next. For 
     information about these options, click Help. If you are installing 
     over a previous version of the operating system, make sure the 
     Multimedia Device Support field on the System Configuration panel 
     is set to None. Multimedia Support requires a second installation 
     step, using Selective Install, after completing installation of 
     the base operating system. See "Migrating Multimedia support". This 
     step is not necessary if you are formatting your install partition 
     before installation.
  8. On the Setup and Installation panels, select the operating system
     features (such as printer utilities) to install and click Next. 
     For information about these features, click Help. For additional 
     information, click More. If you want Multimedia Software Support
     select the Multimedia Software Support check box, even if you 
     selected None in the Multimedia Device Support field in step 7.

     Note:
          Multimedia must be installed on the boot drive of the 
          system.

  9. Click Next to begin component installation.
 10. If the Information panel appears, enter your name and company 
     information into the appropriate fields and click Next.
 11. Select the services that you want to install and click Next. 
     For information about these services, click Help.
 12. The Configuration panel is displayed. The installation items 
     that you can configure are listed on the left side of the window. 
     The items with green check marks next to them are correctly 
     configured. Any item with a red arrow next to it must be 
     configured. 

     To configure an item:

       a. Click the item that you want to configure. The configuration
          options for that item are displayed on the right side of the
          window.
       b. Make your configuration choices for the item.
       c. When you are finished, click another item from the list to
          configure.
 13. Click Install, and then click OK to complete the installation.
     
     Note:
          Your system is restarted automatically twice during the last
          phase of installation.


2.3 Installing Multimedia device support
----------------------------------------

This section applies if you are formatting your install partition 
before you install the WSeb C-Pak2. If you are installing the WSeb 
C-Pak2 over an existing operating system (also called "migration"), 
see Migrating Multimedia support. 

Note: 
     WSeb C-Pak2 migration is supported only over a corresponding
     C-Pak1 system. Otherwise, you must format the operating system
     partition.

The installation process does not automatically detect multimedia 
devices (audio cards); therefore, you must manually select the 
Multimedia Device Support option during installation if you want 
to install support for your device and configure its settings. 

If your audio device does not appear in the audio device list during
system configuration, select "None" and then contact the manufacturer 
of the device or go to the OS/2 Device Driver Pak Online at the
following Web address to obtain the driver:
 
http://service.software.ibm.com/os2ddpak/index.htm
 
If you choose not to install support for your multimedia device during 
installation, you can set the operating system to automatically detect 
the device and configure its settings after installation, as follows:

  1. Delete the AUDFSAFE.TXT file from the OS2INSTALL directory in 
     the installation volume. For example, if you installed the 
     operating system on volume D:, delete the AUDFSAFE.TXT file from 
     the D:OS2INSTALL directory.
  2. From the Desktop, double-click OS/2 System.
  3. Double-click System Setup.
  4. Double-click Install/Remove.
  5. Double-click Selective Install. The System Configuration 
     window displays.
  6. Click Multimedia Device Support to install multimedia 
     device drivers and configure the settings. Click Next.

Continue through the subsequent windows until the installation has
completed.

Note:
     Multimedia must be installed on the boot drive of the system.

2.3.1 Migrating Multimedia support

Multimedia support requires a second migration step after you have
completed migrating the base operating system. Additional manual 
steps might also be necessary to install drivers and locate icons. 

Note: 
     WSeb C-Pak2 migration is supported only over a corresponding
     C-Pak1 system. Otherwise, you must format the operating system
     partition.

2.3.2 Migrating Multimedia

To migrate Multimedia support:

  1. Double click the OS/2 System folder, the System Setup 
     folder, and the Install/Remove folder, and then start 
     Selective Install.
  2. On the first panel, System Configuration, click the icon 
     to the left of the Multimedia Device Support field. A list of 
     available drivers displays. If you find the driver that you 
     want to install, select it. If you do not find the driver, 
     leave the selection blank. In either case, continue with 
     Selective Installation to install the rest of the multimedia 
     support. If the multimedia driver that you want to install is 
     not in the list, see "Manually installing multimedia drivers" 
     for information on how to install your driver.
  3. Click Next to continue with migration.
  4. At the OS/2 Setup and Installation panel (the third panel), 
     select the Multimedia Software Support check box.
     Note:
          Multimedia must be installed on the boot drive of the 
          system.
  5. Select Next to continue with Selective Installation. Follow 
     the directions on the screen.
  6. At the end of Selective Install, restart your system. The 
     multimedia drivers should be working correctly.

2.3.2.1 Manually installing multimedia drivers

For multimedia drivers that do not work after migrating the 
multimedia support (for example, the VIDRMP.SYS driver for the 
Real Magic Pro card), you must install the drivers manually.

To install multimedia drivers manually, have your diskette ready, 
and enter the MINSTALL command from an OS/2 Command Line window. 
Follow the directions on the screen to complete installation.

2.3.2.2 Recovering multimedia icons

If icons for some of the multimedia programs are missing, open 
the Previous Desktop folder and use, copy, or drag the icons from 
there to your new desktop.

2.4 Installing the WSeb C-Pak2 over a previous version of OS/2
--------------------------------------------------------------

Note:
     WSeb C-Pak2 migration is supported only over a corresponding
     C-Pak1 system. Otherwise, you must format the operating system
     partition.

Read the following information if you are installing the WSeb C-Pak2 
over a previous version of OS/2. You have three options:

  1. Install the latest FixPaks to attain the most current service
     level, which is approximately equivalent to C-Pak2.
  2. Migrate to C-Pak1 and then migrate to C-Pak2.
  3. Install C-Pak2 and reformat the operating system partition.

2.4.1 TrackPoint IV

If you are installing the WSeb C-Pak2 over WSeb C-Pak1 and have been
using the TrackPoint IV driver, you must reinstall the driver after
migration. See the section "TrackPoint IV support" for installation
instructions.

2.4.2 CHKINST

If CHKINST, a migration utility that scans your system for potential
migration problems (such as corrupt partitions or LVM-incompatible 
volumes) fails, check that:

  1. Syntax and parameters passed to CHKINST are correct.
  2. VCU.EXE and VCU.MSG are in the directory where you are using 
     CHKINST. If these files are not in the directory, copy them 
     from the root directory of the CD.

2.4.3 CONFIG.SYS

If you are installing the WSeb C-Pak2 over a previous 
version of S/2, the installation process automatically migrates 
your existing CONFIG.SYS file. However, if you changed any of the
following statements, the changes are not migrated.

   * BUFFERS
   * FILES
   * IFS
   * IOPL
   * SET
   * AUTOSTART
   * SET RESTARTOBJECTS
   * Other statements that have been added by applications

In audio device driver statements, parameters added after the 
Device Name parameter are not migrated. For example, in a Pro 
Audio Spectrum device driver statement, parameters after PAS161$ 
are not migrated. To preserve your changes to these statements you 
must manually migrate your CONFIG.SYS file.

2.4.4 Japanese printer drivers

If you are using Japanese 16-bit printer drivers (DESKJET.DRV,
EPSON.DRV,ESCPAGE.DRV, PMLIPS3.DRV or PSCRIPT.DRV) on your current 
system and you plan to migrate your system to the WSeb C-Pak2 without 
formatting, you must manually replace the 16-bit drivers with 32-bit 
drivers. All the printers supported by 16-bit drivers are supported 
by 32-bit drivers. Below are the 16-bit printer drivers and their 
newer equivalents:

 16-bit driver                       32-bit driver

 DESKJET.DRV                         OMNI.DRV
 EPSON.DRV                           OMNI.DRV
 ESPAGE.DRV                          OMNI.DRV
 PMLIPS3.DRV                         OMNI.DRV
 PSCRIPT.DRV                         PSCRIPT2.DRV

To install the 32-bit drivers during installation, select from the 
proper printer model in printer selection panel and continue to install.

To install the 32-bit drivers after installation, use "Selective
installation" and select the appropriate printer model you want.

Note:
     OS/2 clients and servers must use the same level printer drivers.

2.4.5 Response file migration

Before performing a response file migration, run CHKDSK on the drive 
where the operating system is installed to ensure that there are no 
errors in the file allocation table or directory. If errors are found 
in the file allocation table or directory, type the following command 
to repair those errors:

CHKDSK C: /F

where C: is the drive where the operating system is installed.

Note:
     Using the /F parameter locks the drive that CHKDSK is scanning.
     Because of this, the drive to be fixed cannot be the startup 
     drive or the drive that contains the CHKDSK program. For more 
     information about CHKDSK, see the Command Reference.

2.4.6 Multiple SOMIR statements in CONFIG.SYS

If you are installing the WSeb C-Pak2 over an existing copy of 
the OS/2 operating system, after installation is complete, check your 
CONFIG.SYS file to verify that you only have one SET SOMIR= statement. 
If you find more than one, merge the two copies into a single 
statement (eliminating any duplicate entries).

2.4.7 LAN Distance Connection Server

The WSeb C-Pak2 cannot be installed over a previously installed LAN
Distance(R) Connection Server or LAN Distance Remote Server. Run 
LDREMOVE to remove LAN Distance Connection Server before installing 
the WSeb C-Pak2.

If you plan to upgrade an installed LAN Distance Connection Server, 
backup your current security user definition file before you run 
LDREMOVE. The existing user definition file is overwritten during 
the installation process.

To backup the user definition file, copy the file named 
WCBUSRF.ISF from the WAL directory onto a diskette. (This file 
contains the user definitions.) After the installation of the 
WSeb C-Pak2 is completed, copy the backed up file from the diskette 
into the WAL directory.

2.5 Installing and updating the HPFS386 feature
-----------------------------------------------

The old version of 386 HPFS (High Performance File System) access 
control lists must be removed before migrating the operating system.

To remove 386 HPFS access controls:

  1. Stop the server by issuing the following command:

     NET STOP SERVER

  2. Type the following command to remove 386 HPFS access controls:

     PREPACL /P /B:filename /D:drive

     where /B:filename specifies a temporary file name to save the 
     access controls to and /D:drive specifies the drive where the 
     access controls currently reside.
  3. Shut down and restart your computer.
     
     Note:
          When removing 386 HPFS access controls, specify a unique 
          output file for PREPACL. If you specify a file that 
          already exists, PREPACL overwrites the file and loses the 
          ACL information you stored when you first ran PREPACL.

If you are installing the WSeb C-Pak2 on an empty volume, or if 
you format the volume during installation, you must reinstall 
the HPFS386 feature from your original WSeb CD.

After completing the installation, you must update your HPFS386 
feature to the latest fix level. You can get FixPak IP_8605 
from one of the following Web sites:

   * http://service.boulder.ibm.com in the
     /ps/products/lan/fixes/warp_srv_e-bus directory
   * http://ps.software.ibm.com

If you are installing the WSeb C-Pak2 over a previous version of 
Warp Server for e-business, you only need to install the FixPak.

Note: 
     WSeb C-Pak2 migration is supported only over a corresponding
     C-Pak1 system. Otherwise, you must format the operating system
     partition.

2.6 Installing a previous version of OS/2 after installing the 
WSeb C-Pak2
----------------------------------------------------------------

The WSeb C-Pak2 uses the Logical Volume Manager (LVM) to configure 
and manage disk drives on the system. LVM replaces FDISK. Because 
of this, if you want to install an older version of OS/2 (such as 
OS/2 Warp 4.0) on the same computer as the WSeb C-Pak2, you must 
use both LVM and FDISK during installation. After installation, use 
LVM for all disk management.

To install a previous version of OS/2 on the same computer as the 
WSeb C-Pak2:

  1. From the WSeb C-Pak2, use LVM to create an installable volume 
     for the OS/2 version you want to install.
       a. Start LVM by typing the following command at the command 
          line:

          lvm /si:fs /size:120

       b. Install Boot Manager, if it is not already installed.
       c. Create a compatibility volume for the OS/2 version.
       d. Mark the compatibility volume as installable.
       e. Save your changes and exit LVM.
  2. Locate the installation diskettes for the OS/2 version. Replace 
     all of the device drivers on the diskettes with their 
     counterparts from the WSeb C-Pak2. Do not replace any of the 
     device managers (.DMD files).
  3. Add the following line to the CONFIG.SYS file on the OS/2 
     installation diskettes:

     SET COPYFROMFLOPPY=1

  4. Install the OS/2 version.
       a. Boot the system using the OS/2 installation diskettes you 
          updated in step 2. Begin the installation process.
       b. When you are asked to select a drive for the installation, 
          do not accept the default. FDISK is displayed.
       c. Find the FDISK partition you marked installable with LVM. 
          (It appears with "--> LVM*" next to the name.)
       d. Use FDISK to mark this partition installable. Press F1 
          for help instructions on using FDISK.
          Note:
               Do not use FDISK to do anything other than mark the
               partition installable.
       e. Save and exit FDISK. The installation window displays.
       f. Accept the default drive and continue with the 
          installation.

          Note:
               FDISK is not supported as part of the WSeb C-Pak2. 
               Any use of FDISK beyond the scope of these instructions 
               could harm your system. Use LVM for any disk management.

2.7 Installing on a hidden partition
------------------------------------

If you are going to install the WSeb C-Pak2 on a hidden primary 
partition on a machine with multiple, hidden, primary partitions, you 
must follow this procedure. This procedure is not necessary if you 
are installing on a logical drive in an extended partition.

As you are going through the installation process, a panel displays 
that identifies the target partition where the operating system will 
be installed. Do not accept the default drive; it might be pointing 
at the wrong primary partition. Select the second option, Select 
another drive, which starts the Logical Volume Manager (LVM) 
program.

The last drive you booted from (usually C:), should be highlighted. 
If this is not the drive you intend to install to, press Enter and 
select Hide Drive From OS/2.

Next, highlight the volume on which you want to install the 
operating system. Press Enter and select Change Drive Letter. The 
default should be C: and you should select it.

Select that the volume should be bootable, and supply a name for 
the Boot Manager menu. With the new C: still highlighted, press 
Enter again, and set the drive Installable.

Press F3 to exit LVM, saving the changes. You will have to restart 
the machine, as drive letters have changed.

When you return to the panel that identifies the target partition 
where the operating system will be installed, select the second 
option again, to check that the proper drive is selected. Then 
press F3 to return (you do not need to save again) and continue 
with installation.

Note:
     After you have used LVM on your physical disk drives, you 
     cannot use FDISK from Warp to work with your drives. The LVM 
     program creates a compatibility volume, and replaces the drive 
     names with "->LVM". From this point on, you must use LVM to 
     manage your disk partitions.


2.8 Installing on an IBM ThinkPad(R) computer
---------------------------------------------

The following IBM ThinkPad installation options are not supported 
on the WSeb C-Pak2:

   * Warm Docking support
   * Infrared support

If you are installing the WSeb C-Pak2 over C-Pak1 and have 
been using the TrackPoint IV driver, you must reinstall the driver 
after migration. See the section "TrackPoint IV support" for 
installation instructions.

2.8.1 System Hang or Hard Drive Hesitation

The problem is the IDE chip sets on certain planars signal that they 
support bus mastering but actually have a defect that prevents it 
from working correctly. The driver detects bus mastering support, 
enables bus mastering, and attempts to use it. Some symptoms are: 

   * System does not restart with IBM1S506.ADD
   * CHKDSK command does not work properly
   * Hard drive stops or hesitates for minutes at a time

This is a known problem with ThinkPad models 760E/ED/ELD/EL. 
However the chip set can, and does, appear on planars of other 
manufacturers. To correct the problem: 

   1. Edit the CONFIG.SYS file on Diskette 1 or the boot drive. 
   2. Disable bus mastering by adding the /!BM parameter to the 
      BASEDEV statement defining the driver; for example: 
 
      BASEDEV=IBM1S506.ADD /A:0 /!BM /A:1 /!BM 

   3. Save the changes and restart the system.

2.8.2 IBM Ultrabay(TM) and WarmSwap problems on IBM "T" and 
600-line ThinkPad computers

If you installed the appropriate UltraBay and WarmSwap support on 
a "T" or 600-line ThinkPad computer, the secondary IDE channel must be 
enabled in order for WarmSwap to function correctly.

To enable the secondary IDE channel, the Configuration Utility 
for DOS must be installed. If you need instructions on how to install 
the Configuration Utility for DOS, refer to its manual. If this utility 
is already installed, enable the secondary IDE channel by completing 
the following steps:

  1. Open a DOS window and go to the directory where the PS2.EXE is
     located.
  2. Type the following command:

     PS2.EXE ? IDE2

     This command provides the information on the current secondary 
     IDE state. If the current state is Enable, go to step 5.
  3. If the current state is Disable, you must change it to Enable
     by entering the following command from the DOS command line:

     PS2.EXE IDE2 Enable

  4. Go to step 2 to verify if secondary IDE is enabled.
  5. Close the DOS session. Reboot the ThinkPad if there was a 
     request in step 3.

2.8.3 USB port support for IBM ThinkPad docking stations

To support the USB port on ThinkPad docking stations:

  1. Open the CONFIG.SYS file in a text editor.
  2. Add the following statement:

     BASEDEV=USBUHCD2.SYS

  3. Save and close the file.
  4. Shutdown and restart your operating system after you have 
     finished.

2.9 Customizing installation through a file command
----------------------------------------------------

Note:
     This procedure is only for experienced REXX programmers.

To automatically update or add additional device drivers and other 
system files during the initial installation and to prevent these 
device drivers from being replaced by older versions, write a REXX 
command file, INSTEXIT.CMD. This command file is executed at defined 
points during the installation process, accesses the hard disk of 
the target machine, and can make additional configuration changes 
or copy additional files. The INSTEXIT.CMD can be placed on any of 
the installation diskettes (and therefore is not applicable if you 
install from CD).

2.9.1 Installation phases

The INSTEXIT.CMD file is called during the different phases of
installation. The installation phases are described below:

 Phase 1         The installation volume is selected and formatted. 
                 The base OS/2 operating system files are copied.
 Phase 2         Hardware, software, and networking products are 
                 selected and configured. The remainder of the 
                 operating system is installed.
 Phase 3         Networking products are installed.

2.9.2 INSTEXIT calls during installation

The INSTEXIT.CMD file is called two times during installation; 
during Phase 1 and during Phase 3. INSTEXIT is also called once 
during Selective Install for Networking.

   * Phase 1: The installation program calls the INSTEXIT.CMD 
     file before the first reboot during installation. The following 
     parameters are passed:
       1. The target drive letter (example C).
       2. The CD-ROM drive letter (example E).
       3. The word PHASE1 to indicate the exit is being called in 
          Phase 1 of installation.

Example call:

instexit.cmd C E PHASE1 1>nul 2>&1

The INSTEXIT.CMD return code is logged in IBMINSTLOGSCONINST.LOG. 
After INSTEXIT.CMD completes, installation continues.

   * Phase 3: The installation program calls the INSTEXIT.CMD file 
     at the end of Phase 3 if the file exists in the root directory 
     of the installation volume. If the file is found, the install 
     shield is disabled. The following parameters are passed:
       1. The target drive letter (example C).
       2. The CD-ROM drive letter (example E).
       3. The word PHASE3 to indicate the exit is being called in 
          Phase 3 of installation.

Example call:

instexit.cmd C E PHASE3

The INSTEXIT.CMD return code is logged in OS2INSTALLNPINST.PRD. 
After INSTEXIT.CMD completes, the install shield is restored and 
the system automatically restarts.

   * Selective Install for Networking: The installation program 
     calls the INSTEXIT.CMD file at the end of Selective Install
     if the file exists in the root directory of the installation 
     volume. If the file is found, the install shield is disabled. 
     The following parameters are passed:
       1. The target drive letter (example C).
       2. The CD-ROM drive letter (example E).
       3. The word SELECT to indicate the exit is being called by 
          Selective Install for Networking.

Example call:

instexit.cmd C E SELECT

The INSTEXIT.CMD return code is logged in OS2INSTALLNPINST.PRD. 
After INSTEXIT.CMD completes, the install shield is restored and 
the system automatically restarts.

Notes:

  1. You must remove the exit command at the end of installation or
     properly use the third input parameter to ensure proper 
     processing in the exit for all three types of calls (Phase 1, 
     Phase 3, and Selective Install for Networking).

  2. During the call in Phase 3, some files for products installed 
     might be locked until the system is restarted.

  3. During Phase 1, user input prompts must be written using 
     VIO calls. During Phase 3 and Selective Install for Networking, 
     input can be made using REXX I/O methods. Alternately, REXX can 
     call a program executable file to do user prompting.

  4. The install shield is disabled during Phase 3 and Selective 
     Install for Networking so your exit command can prompt users to 
     insert your device driver diskette or provide other instructions. 
     When the install shield is disabled, users can see the WSeb 
     C-Pak2 Desktop. Discourage users from accessing the Desktop when 
     the install shield is disabled.

2.9.3 Sample INSTEXIT.CMD File

You can use the following sample file as a template.

/* REXX COMMAND FILE                                         */
/* Installation Exit                                         */
parse arg targetdrive cddrive installphase
if installphase = 'PHASE1' then do
 /* phase 1 processing */
end
if installphase = 'PHASE3' | installphase = 'SELECT' then do
  /* phase 3 and selective install for networking processing */
     end
if installphase = 'PHASE3' then do
 /* phase 3 specific processing */
end
return 0

2.10 Installing the WSeb C-Pak2 using CID
-----------------------------------------

This section explains CID installation issues that were not included 
with the README.CID file (see the section named README files).
 
Note: 
     WSeb C-Pak2 migration is supported only over a corresponding
     C-Pak1 system. Otherwise, you must format the operating system
     partition.

2.10.1 CID migration of a C-Pak1 NLV version to a 
C-Pak2 US-English version

Some versions of C-Pak1 do not have an equivelant version of C-Pak2.
In these circumstances, migrate to the US-English version of C-Pak2.
During a CID install of Netscape 4.61, you would normally use the
/A:U parameter to migrate to the updated Netscape in C-Pak2. This 
however fails in this instance because you are migrating from one 
language to a different language. For this situation, use the /A:I 
parameter as if this was an initial installation, and the migration 
completes successfully.

2.10.2 Performance Tuning Assistant

Note that the Performance Tuning Assistant (NSTUNE.EXE) is now 
informational only. It provides a starting point from which you
can begin tuning your servers and clients, but the "Apply" button
has been disabled and the program does not make changes to your
files.

If you install one of the following components using CID and plan 
to run the Performance Tuning Assistant, and if you want the 
Performance Tuning Assistant to consider that component, you must 
create a file named NPCONFIG.CFG in the OS2INSTALL directory on 
the root drive of your system. This file contains information about 
the component that the Performance Tuning Assistant uses. Available 
components include:

   * Remote Access Services
   * Personally Safe 'n' Sound

To create a NPCONFIG.CFG file:

  1. Create a blank document with a text editor.
  2. Add the following line:

      All_Products=[component]

     The parameters for the component are as follows:

     PPPSRV (Remote Access Services)

     PSNS (Personally Safe 'n' Sound)
     Note:
          You can add more than one component to the All_Products 
          line by separating each parameter with spaces.
  3. Save the file as C:OS2INSTALLNPCONFIG.CFG (where C: is 
     the drive letter to which you installed).

2.10.3 ClassPath entries

If you perform a CID installation of IBM OS/2 Warp Developer Kit, 
Java Technology Edition, Version 1.1.8 (JDK) to a volume other than 
the boot volume, verify that the ClassPath entry in the CONFIG.SYS 
file is correct after installation. If the ClassPath entry points 
to the JAVA11 directory on the boot volume, correct the entry as 
follows:

  1. Open the CONFIG.SYS file in a text editor.
  2. Find the ClassPath entry.
  3. Change the drive letter from the boot volume to the volume 
     on which you installed the JDK.
  4. Save the CONFIG.SYS file, and then restart the system.

2.11 Troubleshooting installation
---------------------------------

There are problems that might occur in certain circumstances during
installation of the WSeb C-Pak2. This section lists some of the 
known installation problems.

2.11.1 Installing the Java demos on a drive other than the boot drive

If you do not install the IBM OS/2 Warp Developer Kit, Java 
Technology Edition, Version 1.1.8 (Java Technology Edition) on the 
boot drive (for example, C:), the Java demos do not install correctly. 
If you install the Java Technology Edition on a drive other than the 
boot drive and you want the demos, you must install the Java 
Technology Edition using Selective Install.

If you install the Java Technology Edition on the boot drive, the 
demos install correctly.

2.11.2 WINOS2 installation dialog box

When installing one language's version of WINOS2 over another's, you 
might see a dialog box titled "Display Driver Install" that 
notifies you that the version of a file being installed is older than 
the version of the file that is already installed. The dialog box 
prompts you for verification that you want to overwrite the target 
file. The correct response is to accept the version being installed.

2.11.3 Volume and partition errors

You might experience problems during installation if your system BIOS 
is unable to handle Logical Block Addressing (LBA) for drives over a
particular size. This might cause the following errors:

   * LVM does not allow bootable volumes to be created past the 
     first 1024 cylinders of a disk, even though LBA mode is enabled 
     in the BIOS. An error message might appear stating that bootable 
     partitions must reside within the first 1024 cylinders of the disk.
   * Installation proceeds normally through the Phase 1 (text mode). 
     When you restart the system as instructed, any of the following 
     errors might occur:
        o Missing operating system. System halted message appears
        o Boot Manager reports selected partition not formatted, even
          though the partition is formatted and can be accessed when 
          the system is booted from diskettes.
        o Systems hangs at blinking cursor. ## OS/2 logo never 
          appears.

If any of these problems occur, try the following solutions:

   * Make sure LBA mode is enabled within the system BIOS for your
     system. See the documentation that came with your system for 
     details on how to do this.

     Note:
          If you make changes to the LBA settings in BIOS, you must
          repartition the hard disk.
   * Contact the system manufacturer for a BIOS update.
   * Common drive limits are 4.3GB and 8.4GB for newer systems. Check 
     the documentation that came with your system or with your system
     manufacturer to determine the largest bootable device that your 
     system supports.
   * Put the boot volume within the first 2GB of the drive.
   * Disable LBA in the system BIOS, and ensure that the boot volume
     resides within the first 500M of the drive.

     Notes:

       1. If you make changes to the LBA settings in BIOS, you must
          repartition the hard disk.

       2. Some drives have jumpers that can be set to overcome 
          incompatible BIOS. Check the drive documentation for details.

       3. Setting these jumpers typically reduces the usable space on 
          the drive and requires you to repartition the drive.

2.11.4 Error Code 1208 installing File and Print Services

If the available space on the installation volume is between 4096MB and
4098MB, the WSeb C-Pak2 might fail to install. The resulting error 
message indicates that File and Print Services failed to install with 
error code 1208.

To solve the problem, copy one or more large files to a temporary 
directory on the installation volume until the available space on the 
volume is less than 4095MB. Then start the installation process again.

After the WSeb C-Pak2 is installed successfully, remove the large 
files that you copied to the temporary directory.

2.11.5 Error message from the IBMINT13.I13 driver

The following message is displayed if the IBMINT13.I13 driver 
encounters a drive whose geometry cannot be determined or the drive 
is greater than 8GB:

 SYS732: IBMINT13.i13 found a drive greater than 8GB

This message indicates there is a large drive on the system and it
requires the appropriate OS/2 device driver to operate it. Refer 
to the section "Modifying the installation diskettes" for new 
hardware for details on how to correct this problem.

2.11.6 IBM Ultrabay(TM) and WarmSwap problems on IBM "T" and 
600-line ThinkPad computers

If you installed the appropriate UltraBay and WarmSwap support on 
a "T" or 600-line ThinkPad computer, the secondary IDE channel must be 
enabled in order for WarmSwap to function correctly.

To enable the secondary IDE channel, the Configuration Utility 
for DOS must be installed. If you need instructions on how to install 
the Configuration Utility for DOS, refer to its manual. If this utility 
is already installed, enable the secondary IDE channel by completing 
the following steps:

  1. Open a DOS window and go to the directory where the PS2.EXE is
     located.
  2. Type the following command:

     PS2.EXE ? IDE2

     This command provides the information on the current secondary 
     IDE state. If the current state is Enable, go to step 5.
  3. If the current state is Disable, you must change it to Enable
     by entering the following command from the DOS command line:

     PS2.EXE IDE2 Enable

  4. Go to step 2 to verify if secondary IDE is enabled.
  5. Close the DOS session. Reboot the ThinkPad if there was a 
     request in step 3.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

3.0 OPTIONAL SOFTWARE
---------------------

The WSeb C-Pak2 CD includes support for the following optional 
software:

   * Universal Serial Bus (USB) Devices
   * Yamaha PCI audio adapters  
   * Ensoniq PCI audio adapters   
   * TrackPoint IV support

3.1 USB Support
---------------

The USB base device drivers support the keyboard, mouse, speakers,
modem, floppy disk drives, LS-120 drives, ZIP 100 drives, ZIP 250 
drives, CD-ROM drives and CD/RW drives.

3.1.1 Activating USB support

The base USB stack and device drivers are already installed on 
your hard file. To activate the stack and device drivers, follow
the instructions below. You must activate the base USB stack. 
Activating the base USB device drivers is optional.

To activate the base USB stack (required):

  1. Remove the REM from the following statements in the 
     CONFIG.SYS file:

       REM BASEDEV=USBUHCD.SYS
       REM BASEDEV=USBD.SYS /REQ:USBUHCD$
       REM BASEDEV=USBHID.SYS

  2. Save the CONFIG.SYS file and reboot.

To activate the base USB device drivers (optional):

  1. In the CONFIG.SYS file, remove the REM for each of the 
     devices you want to use. The devices in the CONFIG.SYS 
     file are:

       REM DEVICE=D:OS2BOOTUSBCOM.SYS     (Serial Port)
       REM BASEDEV=USBMSD.ADD                (FDD, LS-120, ZIP drives)
       REM BASEDEV=USBCDROM.ADD              (CDROM)
       REM DEVICE=D:OS2BOOTUSBKBD.SYS     (Keyboard)
       REM DEVICE=D:OS2BOOTUSBMOUSE.SYS   (Mouse)

  2. Save the CONFIG.SYS file and reboot.

3.1.2 USB audio

To install support for USB audio:

  1. Insert the WSeb C-Pak2 CD.
  2. At a command prompt, change to the x:optionsUSBaudio 
     directory, where x: is the CD-ROM drive.
  3. Type MINSTALL.

3.1.3 USB printer support

To install or upgrade USB printer support:

  1. Open an OS/2 Command Line window.
  2. Using the MD command, create a temporary work directory
     on your hard disk and CD into it.
  3. From the newly-created temporary work directory created 
     in step 2, type the following command:

     x:OPTIONSUSBPRINTUSBPRT yy

     Where x: is the drive letter assigned to your CD-ROM 
     drive, and yy is the national language you wish to install
     (for example, set yy to EN to install English).
  4. Open the existing printer object properties window. If you 
     do not have an existing printer object, create a new one.
  5. Select the Output Port page.
  6. Right-click on the LPT1 port icon, and select the Install 
     menu option. Once the dialog has opened, click Install 
     new port.
  7. Once the Install New Port dialog opens, select the New port 
     drivers radio button in the Port Drive Selection section, 
     and enter the path to your temporary working directory into 
     the Directory field.
  8. Click Refresh.
  9. Select the USB port and click Install.
 10. Shutdown and restart your operating system after you have 
     finished.

3.2 PCI Yamaha YMF724 (DS-1) audio
----------------------------------

To install support for PCI Yamaha YMF724 (DS-1) audio:

  1. Insert the WSeb C-Pak2 CD.
  2. At a command prompt, change to the x:optionsYamaha 
     directory, where x: is the CD-ROM drive.
  3. Type MINSTALL.

3.3 PCI Ensoniq ES1371 audio
----------------------------

To install support for PCI Ensoniq ES1371 audio:

  1. Insert the WSeb C-Pak2 CD.
  2. At a command prompt, change to the x:optionsEnsoniq 
     directory, where x: is the CD-ROM drive.
  3. Type MINSTALL.

3.4 TrackPoint IV Support
-------------------------

To install TrackPoint IV support:

  1. Insert the WSeb C-Pak2 CD.
  2. At the command prompt, change to the x:optionsTP4zz
     directory, where x: is the CD-ROM drive and zz is the
     national language.
  3. Type INSTALL.   
 
--------------------------------------------------------------------

4.0 INSTALLING OTHER SOFTWARE
-----------------------------

You might need to take some extra steps when installing certain
other software packages on the WSeb C-Pak2.

4.1 Installing IBM OS/2 Warp Developer Kit, Java(R) 2 
Technology Edition, Version 1.3
--------------------------------------------------

Netscape Communicator must be installed on your system before
you can install IBM OS/2 Warp Developer Kit, Java 2 Technology 
Edition, Version 1.3 (IBM Developer Kit V1.3) on the WSeb C-Pak2.
To install the IBM Developer Kit:

  1. Insert the WSeb C-Pak2 CD.
  2. Open an OS/2 window.
  3. Type J13KICK on the command line.
  4. Follow the installation instructions on the screen.

4.1.1 Setting up font directories for OS/2 Warp Developer Kit,
Java 2 Technology Edition, Version 1.3

By default, OS/2 Warp Developer Kit, Java 2 Technology Edition,
Version 1.3 assumes that the system fonts are installed on the
boot drive in the PSFONTS directory. If you install fonts on 
other drives, including, for example, the JAVA13JRELIBFONTS
directory, you must set the JAVA_FONTS environment variable in
the CONFIG.SYS file.

For example, if you install OS/2 on the C: drive, then you 
install some Chinese OS/2 system fonts on the E: drive, then 
you install the Java fonts on the D: drive, you must use the 
JAVA_FONTS variable. Otherwise, the Chinese characters might
not display correctly in programs that use the Java GUI 
(graphical user environment), such as TCPCFG2 or LVMGUI. To
correct this, you must add the following line to your 
CONFIG.SYS file:

SET JAVA_FONTS=C:PSFONTS;E:PSFONTS;D:JAVA13JRELIBFONTS;

You must restart your system for the change to take effect.

4.2 Installing Java 1.1.8 components
------------------------------------

The WSeb C-Pak2 automatically installs the Java 1.1.8 Runtime,
RMI Runtime and the Swing Runtime components. The runtime and 
toolkit components have been updated to the o118-20001004 
service level.

The Debugger, Toolkits and Samples are not automatically 
installed from the WSeb C-Pak2 installation program. If you want
to install these additional components, follow these steps:

  1. Insert the WSeb C-Pak2 CD.
  2. Create a temporary directory on a drive with approximately
     100MB of free disk space.
  3. CD into this directory and run the following commands:

     y:javainrt -d
     y:javainsr -d -ov
     y:javainrm -d -ov
     y:javainst -d -ov
     y:javaintk -d -ov

     Where y: is the CD-ROM drive.
  4. Type install from the temporary directory. This starts
     Netscape, which is used to install the rest of the Java 
     components.

4.3 Updating Java 1.1.8 
-----------------------

The Convenience Package includes Java (TM) 1.1.8 at the latest
service level as of the date of the Convenience Package. Because 
Java 1.1.8 may be frequently updated, there may be updates to 
Java 1.1.8.

The following are the most recent version of the Java 1.1.8 
update files:

   * runtime.exe            Runtime files which are always required
   * toolkit.exe            Toolkit required to develop Java programs
   * samples.exe            Sample Java programs
   * os2jre.exe             Java Runtime Environment if required
   * rmi-iiop-toolkit.exe   Remote Method Invocation - 
                            Internet Inter Orb Protocol if required

These files can be found at the following ftp site:

  ftp://ftp.hursley.ibm.com/pub/java/fixes

To update Java 1.1.8, use the following steps after Convenience 
Package installation:


  1. Stop any JVMs that use files in the JAVA11 directory 
     before updating Java 1.1.8.
  2. Copy the update file or files to the root directory 
     where Java 1.1.8 is installed. For example, if Java 1.1.8 
     is installed in the D:JAVA11 directory, copy 
     RUNTIME.EXE to D:.
  3. Type the following command from an OS/2 command line 
     to run RUNTIME.EXE:
 
     runtime -o

  4. Perform each desired update in turn.

The Java 1.1.8 directories and files are automatically updated.

4.4 UDF restrictions in PM mode
-------------------------------

The current version of UDF file system driver does not 
support PMFORMAT and PMCHKDSK utilities. You cannot use a 
PM application to:

   * Format (PMFORMAT) a writable CD or DVD.
   * Check disk (PMCHKDSK) a CD or DVD.

4.5 Migrating LAN services
--------------------------

Note: 
     WSeb C-Pak2 migration is supported only over a corresponding
     C-Pak1 system. Otherwise, you must format the operating system
     partition.

CID installation of IBM LAN service components in unattended mode 
involves use of response files. Sample response files are
available on the OS/2 Installation CD.

Use the response files for an initial CID installation of 
WSeb C-Pak2. When migrating, use LANINST on a server machine to
create both server and client response files.

When installing LAN service components on a system already 
installed,you cannot omit any components that were installed 
previously.

When running LANINST to create a server response file, use the
"Install or remove a component" and "Configure a component" 
options to apply the changes.

For CID migration on a server or client, select the "Update" or 
"Install if required" option for migrating currently installed 
components to the new level being installed.

4.6 Running a DB/2 server over NetBIOS/TCPBEUI on WSeb C-Pak2
-------------------------------------------------------------

A DB/2 server running on an OS/2 machine and using 
NetBIOS/TCPBEUI as the underlying transport mechanism, needs 
resources such as NAMES,SESSIONS, NCBS and so on. Because the 
LAN Server is also running on the same machine, the DB/2 server 
might not start successfully because of contention for these 
resources. Because of this contention, you must configure an 
additional logical adapter for the transport mechanism used.

There are two workarounds to the above problem:

  1. Use two network adapters, configured with TCP/IP and 
     NETBIOS respectively.
  2. Create another logical instance for the single adapter.

If using the second workaround, make the following additions
in the Protocol.ini file to create a logical adapter:

  1. Add the following line in the [NetBIOS] section:

     [netbios]

     Adapterx=netbeui$,x

     Where x is the logical adapter number.
  2. Add the following line in the [netbeui_nif]/[tcpbeui_nif]
     section:

     Bindings=IBMy_nif,IBMy_nif

     Where y is the token ring / Ethernet driver name.
  3. Save the changes in the updated Protocol.ini file.
  4. Run LANINST to configure the server and adapters again.

     This step modifies the network adapters and protocols in MPTS
     and also updates the IBMLAN.INI and CONFIG.SYS files.
  5. Shutdown and restart the system.

4.7 Installing WorkSpace On-Demand 2.0 on a WSeb C-Pak2 server
--------------------------------------------------------------

To install IBM WorkSpace On-Demand 2.0 OS/2 Client (WorkSpace) 
on a WSeb C-Pak2 server, you must take these extra steps.

There are two methods for installing WorkSpace On-Demand 2.0 
on a WSeb C-Pak2 server. The first is a CID installation;
the second is a manual installation.

4.7.1 CID installation of WorkSpace On-Demand 2.0

To install WorkSpace using a CID installation, you must use
a version of SYSLEVEL.OS2 from a previous OS/2 Warp Server 
for e-business system.

SYSLEVEL.OS2 is in the OS2INSTALL directory on your system's
OS/2 boot drive. When you have a copy of this file, 
follow these steps:

  1. Save your current SYSLEVEL.OS2 file by renaming it 
     to SYSLEVEL.ORG.
  2. Copy the version of SYSLEVEL.OS2 from the previous OS/2 
     Warp Server for e-business system to the OS2INSTALL 
     directory on the boot drive of your new machine.
  3. Install WorkSpace on your new machine.
  4. After you have restarted your system, delete the 
     SYSLEVEL.OS2 from the previous OS/2 Warp Server 
     for e-business system and rename SYSLEVEL.ORG back 
     to SYSLEVEL.OS2.

4.7.2 Manual installation of WorkSpace On-Demand 2.0

To install WorkSpace manually, perform the following steps:

  1. Insert the WorkSpace On-Demand 2.0 CD.
  2. Enter CD x:, where x: is the drive letter assigned to 
     the CD-ROM drive.
  3. Type the following command to start the installation:

     install -nocheck

  4. On the WorkSpace On-Demand Installation Panel, make sure 
     that none of the components listed in the Select IBM 
     WorkSpace On-Demand Manager section are selected. The 
     components are:
        o Command Line Interface and API Upgrade
        o Remote Boot Services Upgrade
        o TCPIP (Required for DHCP Boot Support)

     Again, make sure that these components are not selected.
  5. Continue with installation.

4.7.3 Recopying files after installing DOS Remote IPL Service

If you install DOS Remote IPL Service after you have installed 
the WorkSpace On-Demand Windows Client Feature on the WSeb C-Pak2
server machine, certain files loaded by the  Windows Client 
Feature installed program will be removed. As a result,