Nina Hartley - scene from `Cheating Housewives 4` (2007)


Cast:
Nina Hartley, Rico Strong, Ethan Hunt


Content:
Anal, DP, MILF, Straight, Interracial, Threesome Fmm, Glasses, Facial, Stockings, Swallow


Scene review:
Our first MILF up is among the best known performers this biz has ever seen and in addition been among it`s best champions in the area of mainstream exposure. The scene begins with Nina enlisting the help of two brothers as she just caught her hubby cheating. Nina is looking very hot in her black outfit and glasses always help give that little bit of extra class look also. The trio discuss just how to get back at hubby and naturally it involves Nina`s participation so they head over to her house where they start gettin busy. The fellas take some time before the fun to appreciate Nina`s ass and we all know how legendary that tush is so enjoy the extra booty shots. Soon after Nina gets to do something else she`s very good at and that`s pleasuring cocks and she`s got two here so watch and learn!! She keeps the glasses on which I loved and this woman adeptly works both schlongs going slower at first but then picking it up nicely.

The sex starts with some standing doggie vag so we keep up with the hot butt shots which only get hotter when they flow smoothly to cowgirl. Nina works in some dirty talk but it`s so effortless for her you almost don't notice it plus your eyes and cock are glued to that sexy ass moving up and down. Nina does P2M before letting the second brother get a shot at banging her pussy in cowgirl with Nina keeping the other guy involved jerking his cock and then leaning over to suck it some more. The action takes a pause so Nina can work those cocks in her mouth and I`m all for the added bj footage and hey we get some oral done for Nina as one guy slides under to lick that pussy and I loved that too seeing Nina sitting on his face. A brief doggie leads to the guys dp'ing that sexy ass/ pussy in cowgirl so this scene has been heavy on the butt shots and any Nina fan or butt fan should really enjoy that. There is also DP fun in reverse though it didn't look quite as good as the cowgirl dp which preceeded it. We soon close the scene with two pops to Nina's open mouth. The scene fades out with Nina welcoming home hubby who just arrived but we don`t get a shot and I would have liked to see the bastard coming in and his jaw hitting the floor as he spots his wife with two loads dripping from her face.


Video format:  wmv
Duration:  20:30 mins.


SCREENS: 
http://www.jam-hot.com/details.php?id=10233






For more nush-nush: 
http://thepiratebay.org/user/deirdre1987/






.
