 ASO v2 is a single utility that can resolve all your problems arising out of slow system speed, interrupted Internet access, unauthorized data access, Internet thefts, low memory errors, frequent shutdowns and the like. It is a proper combination of tweakers, optimizers, enhancers, privacy protectors, organizers and other utilities. These utilities work in the background to efficiently manage system performance, raise system productivity, protect your privacy and contribute in your progress. ASO is a ?dream come true?.

Advanced System Optimizer includes around 30 tools to supercharge your PC's performance, and more than 200 tweaks for customizing Windows and improving its performance.

Advanced System Optimizer v2 includes 30+ utilities under the following categories:

Optimization Tools 	Optimization Tools


Advanced System Optimizer offers every optimization tool that you require and is split into logical categories like Windows Optimizer, Memory Optimizer and Registry Defragger and Optimizer.

With Windows Optimizer you can adjust and beautify Windows appearance, tune Internet and network performance, manage your system and its security with other hardware settings. Memory Optimizer helps you free-up your system's memory whereas Registry Defragger streamlines your system registry.

PC Fix-Up & Information Tools 	PC Fix-Up & Information Tools


Advanced system optimizer lets you manage and organize all the files stored in your system. This program can split and join files and repair zip files too. This product comes with a unique uninstaller utility.

Furthermore, every Windows operating system has a section that gives information about the computer and its operating system but Advanced System Optimizer goes a step beyond with its System Information and Files and Folders Information sections. It presents similar information in more detailed and easy-to-grasp formats such as charts and statistics.

System Cleanup Tools 	System Cleanup Tools


Advanced System Optimizer has an excellent registry cleaner with other outstanding cleaning utilities. The Registry Cleaner and Fixer displays and concisely explains all the errors found in registry. The program creates a restore point to undo any changes before allowing you to alter the registry.

The System and Disk Cleaner allows you to conveniently clean up junk and unwanted files. And, Startup Cleaner and Autorun Manager lets you have instant access to programs that start automatically when you logon to your computer. Likewise, Find Duplicate Files looks for the duplicate files and permits you to take necessary action.

Security Tools 	Security Tools


Advanced System Optimizer allows you to conveniently clean up Internet activities with Privacy Protector. It allows you to develop a block programs list which can prevent a specific program from ever running again. This program also includes Ad and Popup Blocker and Spyware Detective. These handy utilities block annoying and recurring popups and spyware programs, and keeps your system safe and secure!

The program includes a useful utility to encrypt and decrypt files and folders. It encrypts the files and folders in such a manner that no one can understand the contents even if they have access to the file.

Maintenance Tools 	Maintenance Tools


Advanced System Optimizer offers comprehensive maintenance tools to keep your system in superb condition. It can backup important files stored or even backup your system's entire software configuration. It is also packed with features like Media Files Organizer that groups and organizes media files, Email Notification that informs you on receipt of email along with its brief description and Appointment Planner to schedule appointments.

It also comes with a cool little posting notes application ? Secure Sticky Pad. This program allows you to create little sticky notes which are quickly accessible.

Tools to Beautify Windows 	Tools to Beautify Windows


Advanced System Optimizer includes many useful and user friendly utilities to beautify your system. It includes a host of customization tools like Task Manager which is your Windows transparency manager, Wallpaper Changer that randomly changes wallpaper image and Icon Manager to customize folder and file type icons.

These kinds of advanced, yet simple features make Systweak's Advanced System Optimizer the ideal system utility for both novice and experienced PC users. 