Aurora Snow & Gauge - scene 1 from `Trained Teens #1` (2002)

Cast:
Aurora Snow, Gauge, Jules Jordan

Sex ingredients:
Aurora & Gauge. In car. Interview. Topless. Titty sucking by each.Nude. Eating. In room. Gauge rims Aurora. Anal buttplug with tail for Aurora & ball gage & choker & pony riding. JJ. No hands BJs from each. 69 Guage on top of JJ. Buttplug removes. Stack'em up screwing. P2M. Aurora anal. Gauge A2M. Gauge anal. Aurora A2M. Aurora anal upside down & Gauge anal. Drooling. Anal & clit solo. Aurora rims Gauge. Gauge anal. Aurora A2M. Aurora open mouth facial. Cums swaps with Gauge. Gauge swallows. 

Scene review:
Scene One is flat-out awesome. It features Aurora Snow (read my interview with her on Adultstarsmagazine.com), delightful Gauge, and, of course, Jules Jordan. While driving to the location in Jules↓ Cadillac SUV, Aurora and Gauge, sitting in the back seat, start to chat about how they are going to do ∟each other↔ in a little while. Soon, their sex drives kick in and they simply must fondle each other&right there, in the car, as they are driving along Ventura Boulevard In Los Angeles! Gauge opens Aurora↓s top, then squeezes and licks her nipples. Soon, Aurora does the same. Before long, both girls are stark naked, playing with--and eating--each others pussies. Jules gets a little nervous about them being naked in the back seat and suggests they take it inside. Gauge replies, Or, you can just drive around for a while and we can do our thing back here. Giggling, Aurora responds, As long as you don't get in a car accident!↔ Damn, wouldn't you LOVE to be with girls like that? After a little more pussy munching, the performers and crew arrive at the location. Jules camera worships their bodies as they again undress. Soon, the girls are pleasuring each others↓ tight little bodies with their tongues. In particular, Gauge is particularly interested in Aurora's award-winning asshole, spreading her cheeks wide so that she may finger and lick that tight brown eye. Meanwhile, Aurora purrs contentedly. After giving Aurora's asshole several minutes of tender loving care, Gauge shoves a horsetail butt plug into Aurora's accommodating brown eye. Then, Jules tells Aurora that they're going to turn her into a little horsey girl to ride around. Aurora↓s response? That's fun. Knowing Aurora as I do, after interviewing her for almost an hour, I believe her. Aurora does have lots of fun during her shoots, and I really respect her for that. Once Aurora's tail is in place, Gauge buries her tongue in Aurora's pussy while Jordan inserts a bit in Aurora's mouth. Then, Gauge removes the belt from her tiny jeans, whips Aurora's ass lightly with it, cinches it around Aurora's neck, and uses it as reins as Aurora gives her a ride around the room. After Gauge's pony ride, Jules becomes part of the action, cupping and squeezing Gauge's perfect breasts before stripping off her short-short jeans. Soon thereafter, Gauge pulls Jules cock from his pants and begins to suck it with gusto while forcing envious Aurora (her mouth is still stuffed with a bit) to look on. One only needs to look into Aurora's eyes to feel sorry for her. Damn, she WANTS that dick&but her mouth is full. Taunting Jules even slaps Aurora's face with his cock to make her want it all the more. Meanwhile, Gauge really gets into the blowjob, eyeing Jules intensely as she gobbles his rod. Eventually, Jules and Gauge take the bit out of Aurora's mouth. Jules is, of course, immediately rewarded by Aurora's pent-up lust as she and Gauge devour his shaft and balls. They also slurp up each other↓s drool as it drips off his spit-saturated dick. Later, Gauge and Jules enjoy some 69 action while Aurora fights to get her turn sucking on his dick. Then, Jules positions the girls in one of those time-honored dream positions: both girls doggie style, Gauge above Aurora. In this way, Jules, while standing behind them, can get easy access to both girls↓ holes. After carefully pulling the horsetail butt plug from Aurora's asshole¶and having Gauge clean it with her mouth,Jules fucks Gauge's pussy using long, deep strokes. Meanwhile, the girls kiss each other and yell nasty words as their passion builds. Don't worry&Aurora's pussy gets reamed as well. Jules gives each girl↓s pussy his cock repeatedly, having it cleaned by a greedy mouth on occasion, then reams Aurora's first-class asshole balls-deep. Gauge and Aurora take turns performing ass-to-mouth on Jules dick to keep it clean and lubricated. As the scene progresses, Gauge takes Jules cock up her ass in the cowgirl position while Aurora lends a hand or mouth wherever necessary (including ass-to-mouth). Then, in my favorite sequence of the movie, Aurora moves into the pile driver position. Pile driver is an especially appropriate position for Aurora because it highlights her fabulous gaping holes. Gauge uses her tongue to lubricate Aurora's pussy and asshole. Then, from above, Jules fucks Aurora↓s asshole while her pussy gapes hugely open. Gauge helps out by tongue-fucking Aurora↓s pussy and by cleaning Jules cock with her mouth. In fact, Gauge wants to perform ass-to-mouth so bad that she literally begs Jules to let her taste his Aurora-covered cock. Next, Jules has Gauge bend down doggie style above Aurora's face. In this way, he can take turns fucking both assholes: Aurora in pile driver, Gauge in doggie (both assholes gape DELIGHTFULLY!). Eventually, Gauge climbs aboard Jules in the reverse cowgirl position, and anally fucks him energetically and happily. Before the scene concludes, Gauge gets her asshole reamed again in the doggie position. Then, to finish up this wonderful scene, Aurora uses her hands and mouth to jack off Jules directly into her mouth. After his spasms have subsided, Aurora opens her mouth to show that it is, indeed, FULL of cum. Then, Aurora cum-swops with Gage, spitting a huge load of semen into Gauge's greedy mouth. After showing her cum-filled mouth to the camera, Gauge purposefully swallows the entire load. The girls kiss as the scene fades to black. Hot stuff, Jules. Five stars!


Format:  mpeg
Duration:  31:07 mins.


SCREENS:
 
http://www.jam-hot.com/details.php?id=10421





.





