	Shrek the Third[Shrek Tercero]


Director   Chris Miller, Raman Hui

Length 89 min
Region 2
Video Pal
1.78:1 , 16:9 (Anamorphic

Languages Dolby Digital 5.1: English, Spanish, Catalan

Subtitles English, Spanish, Catalan

                Synopsis


ItÂ´s not easy being an ogre, but Shrek finds it doubly difficult for an ogre like himself to fill in for a king when his father-in-law King Harold of Far, Far Away falls ill in this third Shrek movie. ShrekÂ´s attempts to fulfill his kingly duties play like a blooper reel, with boat christenings and knighting ceremonies gone terribly wrong, and to say that Shrek (Mike Myers) is insecure about his new role is a gross understatement. When King Harold (John Cleese) passes away, Shrek sets out with Donkey (Eddie Murphy) and Puss-in-Boots (Antonio Banderas) to find Arthur (Justin Timberlake), the only heir in line for the throne besides himself. Just as Shrek sets sail to find Artie (as Arthur is more commonly known), Fiona (Cameron Diaz) shocks Shrek with the news that sheÂ´s pregnant. Soon after, Prince Charming (Rupert Everett) sends Captain Hook (Ian McShane) in pursuit of Shrek and imprisons Fiona and her fellow Princesses as part of his plan to install himself as King of Far, Far Away. Shrek finds an awkward Artie jousting with his high school classmate Lancelot (John Krasinski) and, while Artie is certainly no picture of kingliness, Shrek is determined to drag him back to Far, Far Away to assume the throne. Mishaps and comedy abound, including a spell gone wrong that locks Donkey and Puss-in-Boots inside one anotherÂ´s bodies. While Fiona and the other Princesses prove theyÂ´re anything but helpless women, Artie and Shrek battle their own fears of inadequacy in a struggle to discover their own self-worth. In the end, Shrek, Artie, and Fiona each learn a lot about their individual strengths and what truly makes each of them happy. Of course, itÂ´s the pervasive humor and wit that make Shrek the Third so side-splittingly appealing. Rated PG for some crude and suggestive humor, but appropriate for most families with children ages 6 and older. --Tami Horiuchi..

                Other features


Interactive Menus, Scene Access, Shrekâ??s guide to parenthood, Artieâ??s yearbook, Lost scenes, Shrekâ??s royal tournament games, Shrek-tivities, Shrek shmash-ups: Make your own video!, Merlinâ??s magic crystal ball, And more!


More info in 
solodvd  org


FULL DVD9