The Red Violin, film score 
Composed by John Corigliano 
Performed by London Philharmonia Orchestra 
with Eddie Hessian, Gavyn Wright, Joshua Bell, Frank Ricotti, Gregory Knowles, Nicholas Bucknall, Christopher Laurence 
Conducted by Esa-Pekka Salonen 

Mp3 format, 192 kbps

Review:

Normally we think of a musical instrument as a passive object in the service of a performing artist. But what if that instrument is itself a work of art, containing the secrets of the various owners through whose hands it has passed over the centuries? That\'s the premise behind this intriguing film by François Girard (director of 32 Short Films About Glenn Gould). It traces the story of a legendary violin (thought to be possessed by an immortal soul) from its birth in 17th-century Italy through Mozart\'s Vienna, Victorian England, and revolutionary China to its present-day fate on the auction block. The score, in suggesting the violin\'s unique aura, therefore carries much of the burden of the story, and it brings together some of the most outstanding talents in contemporary classical music. Composer John Corigliano\'s richly eclectic and poetic score--encompassing classical elegance, gypsy passion, and angst-ridden harmonies--etches vivid portraits of the film\'s various epochs but also gives an overarching sense of unity to the episodic character of the script. It\'s essentially a set of remarkably imaginative variations for violin and orchestra on a theme of haunting pathos and is a substantial work of music in its own right. As the soloist, Joshua Bell saturates the eponymous instrument with personality. His combination of virtuoso bravura and soulful phrasing almost seems to lead the violin to the brink of human speech. Conductor Esa-Pekka Salonen shapes the exchange between orchestra and violin into tautly dramatic dialogue. The disc also includes a powerful related work on the theme used in the score, the Chaconne for Violin and Orchestra, which confirms Corigliano\'s status as one of today\'s leading and most personally communicative American composers.