Star Trek 25th Anniversary CD Game DOSBox

This torrent was originally released July 20, 2007

The floppy disk version of this game is easy to find, but the CD talkie version (the only one to have) isn't, and playing with authentic voiceovers from the original cast members really takes the game to the next level.

So I made an ultimate verson, the smallest possible (only 212 MB!), over two times smaller than the one currently available. Unless you want an original install for your authentic PC DOS machine, this is the version to get. 

This is an awesome game, especially if you love the original Trek like I do. This game includes full voiceovers from the original cast! Let's see...William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy, James Doohan, Nichelle Nichols, DeForest Kelley, Majel Barrett... 

It's an action adventure game. You get to phaser people (on stun or kill), use the tricorder, etc. You get multiple dialogue choices so Kirk can either be diplomatic or flippant.

A must play for adventure gamers, and it's super easy to set up and works great on the latest DOSBox 0.70 and Windows XP.


The Star Trek: 25th Anniversary CD Game
Voiced by the Original Actors!

--All the original CD Content Without the CD--
--No Install-- --Original Quality-- --Works with DOSBox 0.7--

An Action/Adventure Game in the Original Star Trek Universe

When you run the game you should see the Interplay splash screen followed by
the voice of William Shatner, the one and only original Capt. Kirk, narrating the intro.

I tested this Star Trek 25th Anniversary Cd game with DOSBox 0.70 from  
http://dosbox.sourceforge.net/information.php?page=0


Production Notes:

I took Aldrisang's 400MB image torrent and losslessly compressed it to 200 MB.
You can get the original CD image from Aldrisang's torrent.
This game is complete except I removed the unnecessary installer files.
The majority of the game is voc files which  compressed to 45% of the original size using winrar.

Enjoy!  :) Seed!!!	


11/12/2007 Re-released in multitracker version, so it should be easier to find peers now. As always, turn on DHT and PEX!