Japanese Audio, English DVD Hardsubs.

After watching 3 episodes of Excel Saga consecutively, I feel a strong sudden urge to stuff cranberry jello down my pants, set myself on fire and conquer a large city singlehandedly using the force of cranberry jello fire-fu. In short, the madness is almost overwhelming.

I don't know how to describe it, but it's like FLCL only more insanity and more episodes. There is of course no real plot, like in FLCL although there are alot of sub-plots. It's generally just utter hilarity and craziness. The series actually begins with the main character dying. Multiple times. An almighty entity or force revives her every time though, because "Excel!! You must not die at the very beginning of the show! Life in itself is precious enough, and dammit think about the storyline!".

The whole point of the anime seems to be making fun of all anime genres there are, by way of making new genres for every episode of Excel Saga (Low Budget Action Anime, Romantic Comedy Anime, Youth Drama Anime, Detective Anime, Survival Drama Anime, Increase Viewer Ratings Anime (they just remove all the males appearing in the show in that one) and Lots Of Animals Anime, etc etc). And it does so excellently, never resorting to crude jokes to produce laughs, except in the last episode, beware that one.

Generally I just wholeheartedly approve of the insanity. You must all watch, on pain of death! Sure, there is no plot and anime otakus out there will possibly snear at me in their elitism, but Excel Saga needs no plot, it works good enough just making fun of every genre of anime/manga there is. In short, watch it or be a queer.

Note that this is no way near a series for those who dislike insanity or lack of plotlines or whatever, this series is just to have fun. And to feel sorry for Pedro, man he must be the saddest bastard ever. Most hilarious and chaotic anime since FLCL and Eiken! And much better than both!

<a href=http://anidb.info/perl-bin/animedb.pl?show=animelist&adb.search=Excel+Saga&do.search.x=0&do.search.y=0>AniDB listing</a>