Ford Theatre
Trilogy For the Masses


Occasionally one comes across an album that strikes the individual as being a musical gem. This occurred to me the first time I heard Ford Theatre's album Trilogy For The Masses. The story as to how I came to possess the album is indeed strange. I was visiting my friend Keith Goodwin (a name well known within Progressive rock circles), and he gave me the album telling me that it was one of his favourite albums. For some unknown reason he had been unable to ever trace the band and any other recordings of the group as he had received the album from an American radio disc jockey in the late sixties who deemed the album not worthy of airplay as the station was strictly devoted to playing chart toppers! (Something that many stations seem to suffer from till this day)

In truth the Internet has been of practically no help as there is virtually no information related to the band and any of their recordings except from one particular site, that of R. Stevie Moore nephew of band leader Harry Palmer. R. Stevie Moore (a musician in his own right) passed me on to Harry Palmer and I am indebted to both of them as well as fellow band member James Altieri for their time and wealth of information that they have so kindly passed on to me, thus allowing this dedication to one of rock's Forgotten Sons to be created.

The origins of the band lie in a popular Boston-based group called Joyful Noise, which played the college circuit. The four members of the band were James Altieri (bass), Arthur Webster (guitar), Robert Tamagni (drums) and John Mazzarelli (keyboards, vocals). All of them were childhood friends from Milford, Massachusetts. The group attracted the attention of New Yorker Harry Palmer who first came across the band when attending college in Boston. Palmer was a composer by nature and was looking for that band that could play the musical ideas he had, and on his return to Boston, a few years later, contacted Joyful Noise to do just that. The link between the band and Palmer was their eventual manager Fred Cenedella who used to book bands for dances to pay off his tuition fees and who had met Palmer on a visit in 1965. There exist acetate recordings from 1967 of the quartet Joyful Noise as they made two demo recordings in the hope of acquiring a record deal. The tracks included are Known the World Over, Something Of A Change, Good Thing and Stop.

The group were impressed by Palmer's material and slowly he became a fully fledged member of the band. However a few changes were made to the band. First a vocalist, Joe Scott, was drafted in (also from Milford, Massachusetts), and secondly the name of the band had to be changed. The reason for this was that Palmer's music was dark and ominous, a reflection of the times as America was still reeling from the assassination of President Kennedy and was in the midst of the Vietnam war. Thus Joyful Noise became Ford Theatre, the place where President Lincoln was shot. (Actually the name of that place is Ford's Theater, but the group dropped the 's and changed Theater to Theatre.) On the other hand an interview with the band at the time of the release of their first album has them dismissing the link and instead stressing that the name was actually a combination of two factors. The Ford was used as a sign that the group would one day make money doing auto commercials while on the other hand the Theatre gives the group a dramatic and serious slant. The first concert that the band played under the moniker of Ford Theatre came in the summer of 1967 at the Unicorn Theatre in Boston.

	

By this time Palmer had already composed the track trilogy For The Masses and the group was overheard by Dick Summer, a DJ with WBZ radio in Boston, who in turn contacted executive producer of ABC Records, Bob Thiele (1922-1996). Thiele asked the band to provide a demonstration recording which the group obliged by recording a complete one-track album in little over two hours. ABC gave them $12,000 front money for equipment and a percentage of the record sales and with that the group entered the studio to record their first album. Interestingly this concept album, one of the first of the genre, was recorded live in 2 takes in the studio as a continuous performance, much like the band would play the performance live. The vocals were added at a later take. Production was entrusted to Bob Thiele and the tracks were taken to New York and strings added to Theme For The Masses. The string arrangement was entrusted to Wally McGee, a musician/teacher in the Boston area who also came from a classical background. Interestingly though he was given co-writer credits on the album liners, McGee was only responsible for the string arrangements, while lyrics and music was all in the hands of Harry Palmer.

Trilogy For The Masses was released in July of 1968 (ABC ABCS 658) while From A Back Door Window/Theme For The Masses (ABC 11118) was released as a single. 


1 - Theme For the Masses Part 1
2 - 101 Harrison Street
3 - Exerpt From the Theme
4 - Back to Philadelphia
5 - The Race Part 1
6 - The Race Part 2
7 - From a Back Door Window
8 - Theme For the Masses Part 2
9 - Postlude : Looking Back
