School of Phenomenal Memory® is the first school of this kind. This is the only place in the world where you can get a real Phenomenal Memory. We don?t sell techniques or mnemonics! We TEACH! We don?t even have any time limits. We work with every single student until one gets the Phenomenal Memory. None of the memory products available right now are doing or even can do what we offer. Our School is about results and this is what makes it different.

People have spent a lot of money and time for numerous and popular memory products, but not a lot of people have got any practical result. Just as you can?t learn how to dance by reading a book you can?t get your memory improved by reading a book or by listening to a CD. Our students build a memorization skill by undergoing a specialized TRAINING, much like we were all trained to read and write. Our students completely control the process of memorizing. They see the memorized information similar to how they see files on a computer screen. They can manipulate, erase, edit, and create huge databases in which they are able to search through any and all the necessary elements. Can you describe what you did 4 days ago or 14 days ago? Our graduated students are able to recall any day by date, or by, for example: all Sundays for the last year. The recollection can be as deep as they want - even hourly. They can recall their dreams by any date. They can memorize entire books and learn new languages faster than you can imagine. They can memorize entire photo albums and view the pictures in their imagination at any time they want. They can change their behavior according to memorized material. Their ability to memorize is limited only by their will to memorize. Phenomenal Memory is more than a powerful tool ? it?s a new life style. After completing our course your ability to learn and memorize will never be the same. Your life will never be the same! 

You can become anyone! You can learn anything! If you have a Phenomenal Memory there are no limits for you. Once these skills are acquired it will not be necessary to study at a university for 5 years to become, let's say, a programmer.  You will be able to memorize entire manuals on programming! If you are applying for a new job you can be sure that you will be the first applicant to be called for an interview if one of the skills listed on your resume is Phenomenal Memory. We don?t just want you to believe us! We want you to read our material and understand why it is possible and why our course works. You can download our free E-book and learn all the theoretical aspects of memory and our course. You can read our articles and testimonials. You can visit our forum and talk with our students and if you have any questions please don?t hesitate to call or email us to get more info. You can also visit this page to see some examples of our course. Phenomenal Memory is not a GIFT... it?s a SKILL! Become a student and become someone you always dreamed of! The slogan of our school is "Phenomenal Memory is not a GIFT. It is a SKILL!" Phenomenal Memory is a possession of the techniques and methods of memorizing. Memorizing means recording information directly into your brain. We teach our students to completely control the process of memorizing. People who complete our training will see all the information they have memorized like files on a computer screen. They can manipulate, erase, edit, and create huge databases in which they are able to search through any and all of the necessary elements.

The memorization process is fully controlled. You can memorize with 100% precision or choose to not memorize at all, you can retain the information for a few hours or choose to retain it forever, you can also choose to erase the memorized data or overwrite it. The School of Phenomenal Memory® is based on the ?Giordano Memorization System? (GMS®). GMS® is a complete educational subject, with its own theoretical base, its own set of concepts and ideology, and with a perfectly defined (unified) set of methods. GMS® uses only the most effective methods and techniques for memorizing, many of which have never been described in any book before. Making up creative PHRASES, SENTENCES and STORIES to aid in the process of memorization is not used in GMS®. Also, the GMS® system does not use any emotional manipulation techniques, but holds to the stance that emotions have nothing to do with memorization and only further complicate its' process. GMS® is the first memorization system with a complete theoretical base. Only when we thoroughly understand how the memory works, is it possible to create an effective system of memorizing! Presently, the subject of memory improvement is very popular. However, in 99% of the cases, widely used methods and techniques prove to be extremely inefficient. Here is why:

When it comes to memorization, different authors use very different memorizing methods. Low efficiency methods are only good in the way that they can be learned quickly.  In fact, some of them do not need to be studied at all because the methods are so basic and natural that we all have known them since we were children. These methods lose their efficiency outside the system, therefore separate (isolated) methods are rarely used. Usually several memorizing methods are used simultaneously, which can also create confusion. A theoretical base is not available, which means that no effective system for memorization is possible. Most books on the memory subject describe methods which are not effective and are theoretically outdated. You need to possess a SKILL! Knowing something about methods and techniques is not enough! Can you learn how to dance after reading a book? If you do not have a skill theoretical knowledge is useless especially in such a practical subject as memorization or dancing. In the GMS Manual you can find all the techniques and methods we use (click here to download it for free). Trying to memorize without proper skills is like trying to drive a car without proper training and practice using only theoretical knowledge. You just can?t do that.  

There is a lot of myths about people with phenomenal memory, but if one looks closer at those myths it turns out that these so-called phenomenal individuals were actually people who had received specialized memory training.  Most of the capabilities acquired through such trainings are within or even below the norm offered by GMS®. GMS® allows people to reach outstanding results. Memorizing capabilities can be increased 60 times in comparison with normal capabilities. Such great results show that our memorizing capabilities enter a completely new level. We have even developed a free software for you to track your progress. Some students realize that their initial memorizing capabilities were almost obsolete compared to what they gain only after a few lessons. Once these skills are acquired, it will not be necessary to study at the university for 5 years to become, let's say, a programmer.  You will be able to memorize entire manuals on programming! If you are applying for a new job you can be sure that you will be the first applicant to be called for an interview if one of the skills listed on your resume is phenomenal memory. Our brain has tremendous potential which for the most part remains unused. Our school is the first step on your way to unlock this untapped potential.