Important Notes for Hollywood FX 4.6.1.  

* Hollywood FX 4.5 Bronze, Silver and Gold users:
  The Hollywood FX 4.6 installer will automatically look for previous 
  Hollywood FX 4.5 installations on your system.  If it finds a previous 
  installation, it will install the equivalent level of Hollywood FX 4.6
  automatically, according to the following list:
   - HFX Bronze 4.5 will be upgraded to Hollywood FX Plus
   - HFX Silver or Gold 4.5 will be upgraded to Hollywood FX PRO

* Studio 7 users:
  If you are running under Windows 98, and Hollywood FX crashes in Studio 7, you
  should install DirectX 8.1.  You can download DirectX 8.1 from 
  http://www.microsoft.com/windows/directx/downloads/drx81.asp

* Studio 8 users: 
  The online User's Guide is in Adobe Acrobat format (.pdf).  If Adobe Acrobat 
  reader is not already installed on your system, you can find it on the 
  Content CD that comes with Studio 8.

  Hollywood FX has been found to lock up in some cases when adding/editing a 
  large number of effects that have additional video sources (mapped onto Media
  in the Hollywood FX dialog).  To avoid this problem, turn off 
  'Background Rendering' in the 'Setup->Edit' dialog in Studio 8.

* Edition users:
  In certain cases Edition will not close down completely if Hollywood FX is still
  rendering when Edition is closed.  This usually only happens if the OpenGL Hardware
  engine is selected and you are using an NVidia graphic card.  In this case you
  will not be able to run Edition again until you reboot your system.
  
* Pro-ONE users: 
  HFX 4.5.8 is installed with your Pro-ONE software to maintain compatibility 
  with previous projects.  It is recommend that you use 4.6 for all new projects.
  
  Hollywood FX must always be rendered when used as a Filter.  Only HFX Transitions
  will playback in realtime on the Pro-ONE.

  Hollywood FX Plus 4.6 includes 288 effects, 203 of which will playback in realtime

  You will also see effects with the PRO watermark.  These effects are enabled when
  you upgrade to Hollywood FX PRO.  All watermarked effects must be rendered, 
  however, when you upgrade to Hollywood FX PRO, those that are marked 'Yellow' 
  will playback in realtime.  

  Upgrading to Hollywood FX PRO will give you 96 additional effects, 
  47 of which will playback in realtime.
