Richard Burton ...  Marcellus Gallio 
Jean Simmons ...  Diana 
Victor Mature ...  Demetrius 
Michael Rennie ...  Peter 
Jay Robinson ...  Caligula 
Dean Jagger ...  Justus 
Torin Thatcher ...  Sen. Gallio 
Richard Boone ...  Pontius Pilate 
Betta St. John ...  Miriam 
Jeff Morrow ...  Paulus 
Ernest Thesiger ...  Emperor Tiberius 
Dawn Addams ...  Junia 
Leon Askin ...  Abidor 



I am a big fan of these types of movies. I love movies like Ben-Hur, King of Kings, Samson and Delilah, El Cid, and Spartacus. Movies that took place in ancient Rome had so much going for them. They had great actors, directors, cinematography, and music. They also never needed to use computer animation. I was always very pleased. Only I can\'t say I was pleased with the Romans wearing purple and black in Gladiator. But anyway, this movie has it all. There is nothing I can say that\'s bad about it. It has a great story that pulls you in. When you watch it you feel as if you are there. You feel everything that the actors are feeling and the music helps to set the mood. I think Jay Robinson deserved an academy award for his performance, or at least a nomination. Jean Simmons is a very good actress. I like her a lot in this movie and in Spartacus. I think she deserved some type of recognition. Victor Mature was very good too. Michael Rennie was another good actor in this movie. The one that stood out was Richard Burton. He did a great job. I could go on and on because the whole cast was great. 

I have many favorite parts. I love the scene when Victor Mature is trying to find Jesus so he can warn him and he runs into to someone. I won\'t say who. I like the crucifixion scene because it isn\'t graphic and Victor Mature shows his great acting in the scene. I love the scene when Richard Burton finds the robe. He was afraid of it, but then he holds it close. It has an affect on him. The ending is outstanding. It is well acted and ends happily. Burton without a doubt deserved his academy award nomination. This movie probably didn\'t win much because there was so much competition. Many other great movies were there. From Here To Eternity, a big favorite of mine, and Shane, another big favorite of mine. The actors that were up for it were all favorites of mine. I can\'t really decide who deserved it. Marlon Brando and Burt Lancaster were all very good in their roles. That\'s a tough one. Everything about this movie is great so be sure to check it out. I can watch it over and over and never get sick of it. Check out this classic, this epic. It has it all. You will not be disappointed. 