Gears of War is a tactical third-person shooter video game developed by Epic Games (the creators of the Unreal series) using Unreal Engine 3.0 technology and published by Microsoft Game Studios. It was released for the Xbox 360 as an exclusive title on November 7, 2006 in select stores in the United States, and later broadly released in major U.S. retailers on November 12, 2006. The game was released on November 17, 2006 in Europe outside of Germany, where Microsoft Game Studios did not publish the game after it was denied a rating.[3] A Limited Collector's Edition was also released, which included a disc of bonus content and an art book titled Destroyed Beauty that detailed much of the game's back-story.

The game centers on the soldiers of Delta Squad as they fight to save the human inhabitants of the fictional planet Sera from a relentless subterranean enemy known as the Locust Horde. The player assumes the role of Marcus Fenix, a former prisoner and war-hardened soldier. When in cooperative play, the second player takes control of Fenix's best friend and fellow soldier Dominic Santiago ("Dom").

Gears of War has been highly successful since its release; it sold over three million copies in just ten weeks and was the fastest-selling video game of 2006.[4] A film adaptation is currently in the works, and the game is slated to be the first of a trilogy.[5][6] At E3 2007 Microsoft confirmed the persistent rumor that Gears of War would be ported over to Windows. The game is a Games for Windows title, and was shipped on November 6, 2007.[7][2] A Mac OS X release was confirmed by Epic's Mark Rein, speaking on a July 14, 2007 episode of Game Head.[8]

Gears of War blends tactical action with survival horror and thrusts gamers into a deep and harrowing story of humankind's epic battle for survival against the Locust Horde, a nightmarish race of creatures that surface from the bowels of the planet. Lead war hero Marcus Fenix and his fire team as they face the onslaught of merciless warrior fiends. A revolutionary tactical combat system and breathtaking, high-definition visuals from the Unreal Engine 3 immerse you in a horrifying story of war and survival. A.I. teammates are indiscernable from human players. Voice recognition and real-time lip synching heighten the experience. The battlefield is a lethal place. To survive, suppress your enemy with blindfire, take cover in interactive environments, or use weapons and teammates to outwit your foes.




MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS for GEARS OF WAR

OS: Windows Vista or Windows XP
Processor : 2.4+ GHz Intel; 2.0+ Ghz AMD
RAM : 1 GB
Hard Drive : 12 GB free hard drive space
Video Card : NVIDIA GeForce 6600, ATI X700 equivalent or above
Online Multi-player: Broadband Internet Connection,
Games for Windows ? LIVE Gold Subscription



Enjoy IT!

Bahaos Team!