Seven more broadcasts of C2C! Sorry I am so late! Download, SEED, and Enjoy! Thanks in advance to all the seeders! Later All!

Friday November 30th, 2007
Universe, Energy & SETI
Theoretical physicist Dr. Michio Kaku joined Art Bell for a discussion on a variety of topics, including dark matter, alternative energy, and the SETI program. Kaku described the universe as "overwhelmingly dark," noting that dark matter makes... 
Host: Art Bell
Guest(s): Michio Kaku

Saturday December 1st, 2007
Human-Robot Relationships
Ian spoke with author and electronic gaming entrepreneur David Levy about his new book, Love + Sex with Robots, in which he explores how robots may one day participate in physical and emotional relationships with human beings. In about 40 years,... more >>
Host: Ian Punnett
Guest(s): David Levy

Sunday December 2nd, 2007
Taxation Special
Main guest, former IRS Special Agent Joe Banister, was joined during the evening by FairTax proponent Bill Spillane, former IRS examiner Sherry Jackson, and attorney Tom Cryer for a look at the constitutionality and legality of current income...
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Joseph R. Banister, Bill Spillane, Sherry Jackson, Tom Cryer

Monday December 3rd, 2007
Inner & Outer Change
Researcher and futurist Stephan Schwartz discussed his newest work on how individuals and small groups can change history by practicing eight laws of social change. These laws, observed by such groups as the Quakers, tap into non-local consciousness...
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Stephan Schwartz, Jerome Corsi

Tuesday December 4th, 2007
Energy Independence
Aerospace engineer Robert Zubrin, the author of Energy Victory, presented his strategy to cut our dependence on foreign oil. He argued for a mandate to produce cars that run on flex fuel (accepting a mix of gasoline and alcohol fuels such as methanol... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Dr. Robert Zubrin, Gunnar Thompson

Wednesday December 5th, 2007
Tapping into Intuition
Researcher and psychotherapist Dr. Laurie Nadel discussed her work exploring the 'sixth sense,' and helping individuals tap into their intuitive powers. Everyone has their own "personal intuitive signal" --unique cues that may be visual or auditory--... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Dr. Laurie Nadel, Douglas Hagmann

Thursday December 6th, 2007
UFO Shootdowns
UFO researchers Stanton Friedman & Frank Feschino Jr. discussed fighter accidents & vanished planes in the 1950s, which they related to UFOs and the military's 'shoot down' era. In the 1950s, the US military had standing orders to shoot down unidentified... 
Host: George Noory
Guest(s): Stanton Friedman, Frank Feschino, Rosemary Ellen Guiley
