Enjoy :)
from your friend JITF :D


More Bootlegs Than Your Mom Can Handle 
http://www.ClanKrW.net




[b]Machine Head - April 26, 2007 - Coors Amphitheatre - El Cajon, California, United States Of America[/b]

Machine Head
Thursday, April 26, 2007
Coors Amphitheatre
El Cajon, California, United States Of America

Band Lineup:

Lead Guitar: Phil Demmel
Lead/Rhythm Guitar & Vocals: Robb Flynn
Bass Guitar & Vocals: Adam Duce
Drums: Dave McClain

RECORDING INFO:

Sony Hi-MD MZ-M10
Recorded at "Hi-SP" (256 kb/s) in order to tape all 3 bands
Transfered to computer as 256 bitrate mp3

Bootlegged by:
JITF (JumpInTheFire)

Setlist:

1. Intro
2. Imperium
3. Now I Lay Thee Down
4. Dedication To Dimebag Darrell
5. Aesthetics Of Hate
6. Davidian
7. Old School Didn't Start With Trivium
8. Bootlegger's Notes

Bootleg Comments:
An awesome show by all 3 bands (Machine Head, Megadeth, Heaven & Hell)
Very short set but it was still awesome
One funny thing to mention is track #7 "Old School Didn't Start With Trivium", some kid in the general standing area along the gate must've been messing with Robb Flynn and wearing a trivium t-shirt. Robb tells the kid like it is and that trivium doesn't hold a thing to old school and then proceeds to humiliate the kid. Everybody was laughing when Robb talked about kicking dicks out of his mouth, although you can't really tell in the bootleg.
"El Cajon" is a suburb of San Diego. So all references are made to San Diego, not El Cajon.

Bootleg Proof Comments:
At 0:01 on "Now I Lay Thee Down" Robb Flynn says "San Diego, off of our new album the blackening..."
At 7:12 on "Aesthetics Of Hate" Robb Flynn says "This is uh the 4th night of the Heaven & Hell, Megadeth, Machine Head Tour"
At 7:32 on "Aesthetics Of Hate" Robb Flynn says "Do you feel alive out there San Diego!?!"
At 5:48 on "Davidian" Robb Flynn says "Fuck yea San Diego!"
At 0:38 on "Old School Didn't Start With Trivium" Robb Flynn says "San Diego you've been fuckin' awesome thank you very much"

Brought to you by:

More Bootlegs Than Your Mom Can Handle 
http://www.ClanKrW.net

- JITF