[img]http://www.filmaffinity.com/imgs/movies/full/85/854361.jpg[/img]

Constantine (2005)   

RUNNING TIME:  	120 min.

COUNTRY: 	United States

DIRECTOR: 	Francis Lawrence

SCREENWRITER: 	Kevin Brodbin & Frank Cappello (Story: Kevin Brodbin)

COMPOSER: 	Brian Tyler & Klaus Badelt

CINEMATOGRAPHER: 	Philippe Rousselot

CAST: 	Keanu Reeves, Rachel Weisz, Shia LeBeouf, Tilda Swinton, Pruitt Taylor Vince, Djimon Hounsou, Gavin Rossdale, Peter Stormare

STUDIO/PRODUCER: 	Warner Bros. Pictures / Village Roadshow Pictures

OFFICIAL WEB: 	http://www.constantinemovie.com

GENRE: 	Fantasy / Action / Sci-Fi / Thriller

SYNOPSIS: 	John Constantine has been to hell and back. Born with a gift he didn?t want, the ability to clearly recognize the half-breed angels and demons that walk the earth in human skin, Constantine (KEANU REEVES) was driven to take his own life to escape the tormenting clarity of his vision. But he failed. Resuscitated against his will, he found himself cast back into the land of the living. Now, marked as an attempted suicide with a temporary lease on life, he patrols the earthly border between heaven and hell, hoping in vain to earn his way to salvation by sending the devil?s foot soldiers back to the depths.

But Constantine is no saint. Disillusioned by the world around him and at odds with the one beyond, he?s a hard-drinking, hard-living bitter hero who scorns the very idea of heroism. Constantine will fight to save your soul but he doesn?t want your admiration or your thanks ? and certainly not your sympathy.

All he wants is a reprieve. When a desperate but skeptical police detective (RACHEL WEISZ as Angela Dodson) enlists his help in solving the mysterious death of her beloved twin sister (also played by Weisz), their investigation takes them through the world of demons and angels that exists just beneath the landscape of contemporary Los Angeles. Caught in a catastrophic series of otherworldly events, the two become inextricably involved and seek to find their own peace at whatever cost.

Region:PAL
   
Language: Dolby Digital 5.1: English, Spanish.


Subtitles: English, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese

Sinopsis: Helen, a writer, and Madeline, an actress, have hated each other for years. Madeline is married to Ernest, who was once Helen's fiance. After she recovers from a mental breakdown, Helen vows revenge by stealing back Ernest and plotting to kill Madeline. Both rivals have secretly drunk a miracle cure for aging; they accidentally discover, when each tries to eliminate the other, that they have become immortal and that "life" will never be the same again.

AnyDVD, DVDRemake Pro, DVDRebuilder+CCE 4 pass

- Reduction Level for DVD-5: 71.0%
- Overall Bitrate : 3'928Kbs
- Space for Video : 3'429'290KB
- HIGH/LOW/TYPICAL Bitrates: 4'426/3'018/3'928 Kbs 

PLEASE VISIT WWW.DVDQUORUM.ES ┬í┬í┬íNOW IN ENGLISH!!!