The myths of globalisation have been incorporated into much of our everyday language. "Thinking globally" and "the global economy" are part of a jargon that assumes we are all part of one big global village, where national borders and national identities no longer matter. But what is globalisation? And where is this global village?

Pilger explains just how The World Bank, The World Trade Organization, and other globalist international organizations in truth are knowingly moving into poor countries, offering huge low interest loans to ?develop their societies;? loans the banks know those countries cannot ever repay; to literally enslave these nations then driving the living standards down to appalling new levels, while the multinational corporations reap obscene profits. Indonesia is cited as an example in some depth, where corrupt military dictatorships working hand in hand with the globalize institutions massacred 1 million people while the globalists looked on approvingly and an organized mainstream media blackout ensured no outside public pressure could ever materialize.

In some respects you are already living in it. The clothes in your local store were probably stitched together in the factories of Asia. Much of the food in your local supermarket will have been grown in Africa. It's easier than ever to buy music from Mali, read novels from Colombia and watch films from Iran. The world is shrinking.

In 2001, John Pilger made 'The New Rulers of the World', a film exploring the impact of globalisation. It took Indonesia as the prime example, a country that the World Bank described as a 'model pupil' until its 'globalised' economy collapsed in 1998.

Globalisation has not only made the world smaller. It has also made it interdependent. An investment decision made in London can spell unemployment for thousands in Indonesia, while a business decision taken in Tokyo can create thousands of new jobs for workers in north-east England.

This might seem a very natural development if you live in a country like Britain, with its long international history as a trading nation and imperial power. Bringing the world closer together may throw up new opportunities for cultural and economic interaction, but it also exposes us to the negative aspects of life on a shrinking planet, whether it be the threat of global warming, the international traffic in women for sexual exploitation or the spread of AIDS throughout Africa and Asia.

More and more people across the world are acknowledging the threats posed by globalisation. This has given rise to the Global Justice Movement, with its regular social forums, which are a new, dynamic form of true internationalism.

The protestors come from many different countries and many different backgrounds, but they are united by one aim: to ensure that globalisation works in the interests of all the world's people, not just a fortunate few.

Comment: Quality could be better, source unknown

--- File Information --- 
File Name: 2001 The New Rulers of the World.avi
File Size (in bytes): 372,354,560 

--- Container Information --- 
Base Type (e.g "AVI"): AVI(.AVI) 
Subtype (e.g "OpenDML"): AVI v1.0, 
Interleave (in ms): 100 
Preload (in ms): 
Audio alignment("split across interleaves"): Split 
Total System Bitrate (kbps): 0 
Bytes Missing (if any): 0 
Number of Audio Streams: 1 

--- Video Information --- 
Video Codec Type(e.g. "DIV3"): XVID 
Video Codec Name(e.g. "DivX 3, Low-Motion"): XviD 1.0.0 
Video Codec Status(e.g. "Codec Is Installed"): Codec(s) are Installed 
Duration (hh:mm:ss): 51:28.616 
Frame Count: 92565 
Frame Width (pixels): 320 
Frame Height (pixels): 240 
Storage Aspect Ratio("SAR")" 1.333 
Pixel Aspect Ratio ("PAR"): 1.000 
Display Aspect Ratio ("DAR"): 1.333 
Fields Per Second: 
Frames Per Second: 29.970 
Pics Per Second: 29.970 
Video Bitrate (kbps): 823 
MPEG-4 ("MPEG-4" or ""): MPEG-4 
B-VOP ("B-VOP" or ""): 
QPel ("QPel" or ""): 
GMC ("GMC" or ""): 
NVOP ("NVOP" or ""): 
H264 ("H264" or ""): 
Quality Factor (bits/pixel)/frame: 0.358" 

MPEG-2 ("MPEG-2" or ""): 
Interlaced ("I/L" or ""): 
Progressive ("Prog" or ""): 
Top Frame First ("TFF" or ""): 
Bottom Frame First ("BFF" or ""): 
3:2 Pulldown ("3:2" or ""): 
Picture-per-field ("PPF" or ""):