Combining elements of modern day Manhattan with romanticized fairy tale settings, \"Enchanted\" tells the story of Giselle (Adams), your typical Disney leading lady living in a cottage, singing with innocent creatures, awaiting the day she would meet her prince charming. He turns out to be Prince Edward (James Marsden), a dashing debonair who happens to be the stepson of the wicked witch Queen Narissa (Susan Sarandon). They meet, fall in love in a whim, and decide to marry the next day.

Problem is, step-mom wouldn\'t allow anyone to take over her throne so she poses as an old woman and pushes a clueless Giselle into a well that transports to - ahem - our world, where her quixotic perspective sets her apart from everyone else. Her city misadventures eventually lead her to Robert (Patrick Dempsey), a divorce lawyer separated from his wife and trying to raise his daughter Morgan (Rachel Covey) by himself.

While awaiting to be rescued by her Prince Edward, Giselle bonds with father and daughter, with him teaching her a thing or two about dating, and her teaching him on the positive aspects of love.

While obviously an attempt to satirize the genre it carved its name on, this Disney flick helmed by Kevin Lima does it in a way that\'s not in a mocking manner as Dreamworks animated films usually are. Rather, they are handled with affection that makes the fairy tale angle a rather sweet and funny affair. The interweaving elements of live-action and animation blend alright and don\'t feel unbalanced.

Of course, you can say that this movie really belongs to Adams, who with her cheerful nature, makes it easy for one to feel for her character by providing depth and giving an additional dimension to Giselle. The supporting cast pale in comparison although they do have their moments, especially Sarandon who easily hams it up during a climactic event.

\"Enchanted\" doesn\'t necessarily mark a return of the old fairy tale magic conspicuously absent in recent Disney films; but it has the charms and clever wit - not to mention star Amy Adams bubbly charisma - to win over audiences outside the target demographic.




Download t Youll Like It