HORACE SILVER

Horace Silver (born September 2, 1928), born Horace Ward Martin Tavares Silver in Norwalk, Connecticut, is an American jazz pianist and composer. His father was from Capo Verde and his mother was born in New Canaan, Connecticut and is of Irish-African descent. He is known for his distinctive humorous and funky playing style and for his pioneering contributions to hard bop

From the perspective of the early 2000s, it is clear that few jazz musicians have had a greater impact on the contemporary mainstream than Horace Silver. The hard bop style that Silver pioneered in the '50s is now dominant, played not only by holdovers from an earlier generation, but also by fuzzy-cheeked musicians who had yet to be born when the music fell out of critical favor in the '60s and '70s.

Silver's earliest musical influence was the Cape Verdean folk music he heard from his Portuguese-born father. Later, after he had begun playing piano and saxophone as a high schooler, Silver came under the spell of blues singers and boogie-woogie pianists, as well as boppers like Thelonious Monk and Bud Powell. In 1950, Stan Getz played a concert in Hartford, CT, with a pickup rhythm section that included Silver, drummer Walter Bolden, and bassist Joe Calloway. So impressed was Getz, he hired the whole trio. Silver had been saving his money to move to New York anyway; his hiring by Getz sealed the deal.

Silver worked with Getz for a year, then began to freelance around the city with such big-time players as Coleman Hawkins, Lester Young, and Oscar Pettiford. In 1952, he recorded with Lou Donaldson for the Blue Note label; this date led him to his first recordings as a leader. In 1953, he joined forces with Art Blakey to form a cooperative under their joint leadership. The band's first album, Horace Silver and the Jazz Messengers, was a milestone in the development of the genre that came to be known as hard bop. Many of the tunes penned by Silver for that record -- "The Preacher," "Doodlin'," "Room 608" -- became jazz classics. By 1956, Silver had left the Messengers to record on his own. The series of Blue Note albums that followed established Silver for all time as one of jazz's major composer/pianists. LPs like Blowin' the Blues Away and Song for My Father (both recorded by an ensemble that included Silver's longtime sidemen Blue Mitchell and Junior Cook) featured Silver's harmonically sophisticated and formally distinctive compositions for small jazz ensemble.

Silver's piano style -- terse, imaginative, and utterly funky -- became a model for subsequent mainstream pianists to emulate. Some of the most influential horn players of the '50s, '60s, and '70s first attained a measure of prominence with Silver -- musicians like Donald Byrd, Woody Shaw, Joe Henderson, Benny Golson, and the Brecker Brothers all played in Silver's band at a point early in their careers. Silver has even affected members of the avant-garde; Cecil Taylor confesses a Silver influence, and trumpeter Dave Douglas played briefly in a Silver combo.

Silver recorded exclusively for Blue Note until that label's eclipse in the late '70s, whereupon he started his own label, Silveto. Silver's '80s work was poorly distributed. During that time he began writing lyrics to his compositions; his work began to display a concern with music's metaphysical powers, as exemplified by album titles like Music to Ease Your Disease and Spiritualizing the Senses. In the '90s, Silver abandoned his label venture and began recording for Columbia. With his re-emergence on a major label, Silver is once again receiving a measure of the attention his contribution deserves. Certainly, no one has ever contributed a larger and more vital body of original compositions to the jazz canon.

                                           From AMG & Wikipedia



01. Safari                                                                                                              
02. Thou Swell                                                                                                          
03. Yeah                                                                                                                
04. Horacescope (Horoscope)                                                                                            
05. Prelude To A Kiss                                                                                                  
06. Ecaroh                                                                                                              
07. Quicksilver                                                                                                        
08. Knowledge Box                                                                                                      
09. Opus De Funk                                                                                                        
10. Day In Day Out                                                                                                      
11. How About You                                                                                                      
12. I Remember You                                                                                                      
13. Silverware                                                                                                          
14. Buhaina                                                                                                            
15. Doodlin'                                                                                                            
16. Creepin' In                                                                                                        
17. Room 608                                                                                                            
18. Stop Time    


SAFARI
THOU SWELL
YEAH
HORACESCOPE (HOROSCOPE)

New York, October 9. 1952
Horace Silver Trio
Horace Silver (p) Gene Ramey (b) Art Blakey (d)



PRELUDE TO A KISS
ECAROH
QUICKSILVER
KNOWLEDGE BOX

New York, October 29, 1952
Horace Silver Trio
Curley Russell (b) replaces Gene Ramey . Rest same



OPUS DE FUNK
DAY IN, DAY OUT
HOW ABOUT YOU
I REMEMBER YOU
SILVERWARE
BUHAINA

New York. October 23. 1953
Horace Silver Trio
Percy Heath (b) replaces Curley Russell. Rest same



DOODLIN'
CREEPIN IN
ROOM 608
STOP TIME

Hackensack, N.J., November 13. 1954
Horace Silver Quintet
Horace Silver (p) Kenny Dorham (tp) Hank Mobley (ts) Doug
Watkins (b) Art Blakey (d)



Label: Sarabandas
Date: 1999

BITRATE: 320

My cd-rip (EAC and Lame)
Covers Included






Enjoy,Seed and Share