This is an updated Fimbles torrent, which SUPERCEDES the previous Fimbles torrent (http://thepiratebay.org/tor/3957530) - This torrent contains all of the previous files as well as the new ones (highlighted at the bottom). Please leave any comments about this torrent on thepiratebay.org - check http://thepiratebay.org/user/xrobau/ for the specific torrent details.

If you have already downloaded the first torrent, there is NO NEED to download all of this again. When you download this torrent, select the destination directory as the one the previous torrent used. Your torrent client will then check to see what files are missing and download ONLY the new ones.

This is a complete rip of all the Fimbles DVDs available. Each DVD is ripped into Episodes, and each episode is named. 

The Fimbles are a great toddlers TV show, aimed at the 2-4 year old age group. It's produced by the BBC, under the CBeebies brand. It encourages literacy and numeracy, as well as giving toddlers someone to associate with (Pom) as a child. 

The episodes are listed below:

Fimbles - Birthday Present.avi
Fimbles - Blue.avi
Fimbles - Bubbles.avi
Fimbles - Cowboy Hat.avi
Fimbles - Fun as Fun Can Be.avi (57 minutes, with Roly Mo telling stories)
Fimbles - Gold Star.avi
Fimbles - Hairbrush.avi
Fimbles - Happy Ball.avi
Fimbles - Hoop.avi
Fimbles - Jingly Hat.avi
Fimbles - Kite.avi
Fimbles - Modelling Balloon.avi
Fimbles - Musical Baton.avi
Fimbles - Pebbles.avi
Fimbles - Pom! Pom!.avi (59 minute, all about Pom)
Fimbles - Pop up Frog.avi
Fimbles - Pot of Glitter.avi
Fimbles - Red Nose.avi
Fimbles - Rollerskate.avi
Fimbles - Rugby Ball.avi
Fimbles - Shadow.avi
Fimbles - Skipping Rope.avi
Fimbles - Sleeping Bag.avi
Fimbles - Squiggle.avi
Fimbles - Suitcase.avi
Fimbles - Tambourine.avi
Fimbles - Tennis Ball.avi
Fimbles - Three Bowls.avi
Fimbles - Wig.avi
Fimbles - Wind.avi
Fimbles - Yodelling Echo.avi

--New Files in this torrent--

Fimbles - Glitter, Stars and Sparkly Things.avi (Christmas-y 59 min Ep)
Fimbles - Jack in the Box.avi
Fimbles - Smelly Jelly.avi (Rokit episode - 58 min)
Fimbles - Tinkles, Toots and Fimbling Hoots.avi (The first 'long' Episode, one of our toddler's Favourites. 58 min)
Fimbles - Tippity Toppity Games to Play.avi (Various stuff. 57 mins)

If you want to re-burn these to DVDs, I recommend Xilisoft DVD Creator. Download the torrent from http://thepiratebay.org/tor/3961392/Xilisoft_DVD_Creator_3.0.33.0104
